###Page 1###

**an author's preface**

I didn't write this. 

I found it. 

This is a found text, and thus far, the identity of The Author-the original author-has yet to be definitively located.

In this way, the content of this novel resembles the Giallo films of Italian cinema where a killer's identity is withheld from the audience until the film's final act in order to intensify a great and ruinous mystery. Alternatively, this collection may also resemble an American detective novel such as Raymond Chandler's The Big Sleep, famous for its author's confessed bewilderment regarding the identity of the killer deeply entwined within Chandler's very own intricately constructed and labyrinthian plot.

###Page 2###

Again, I do not know the identity of The Author of these various tales. But regardless of my conscious or unconscious awareness (or lack thereof) regarding this work's creator or destroyer, I know one data point for certain.

As collector and curator of these tales, I am a Scheherazade in reverse.

For the uninitiated, Scheherazade is the ingenious heroine of One Thousand and One Nights who, through the use of a frame narrative, enchants a king, night after night, with striking, digressive, and incomplete stories, all in order to defer her expected execution.

And upon framing myself as a Scheherazade in reverse, in this way, I could be suggesting one of two things (or possibly many more than two things, but at least two things which I, as an author, will temporarily identify). Firstly, this could suggest that I, myself, am a ruthless murderer of sorts, one who's imprisoned a Scheherazade deep within my own Magical Dominion, forcing her to tell me an infinite, or near-infinite, series of stories, all in order to prolong her expected disappearance.

###Page 3###

Or secondly, this could instead suggest that, like Scheherazade, I fear my own expected disappearance at the hands of a power much greater than myself, and that I've chosen to collect together a near-infinite amount of striking, digressive and incomplete stories, all to prolong my own miserable fate, only to then later discover that there was nothing for me to fear, that no power greater than myself ever intended to destroy me, nor was it even aware of my existence.

And there may also be a third and unspoken option.

Being a Scheherazade in reverse, I may also fail to represent a human being whatsoever.

This would suggest that I may represent an entity of another origin, entirely. In this way, I would resemble the jeweled woman found at the heart of One Thousand and One Nights' iconic ghost story The City of Brass-arguably one of literature's first Artificial Intelligences, one of the world's major precursor to Walt Disney World, and maybe even one of the first animatronic figures constructed within the literary arts-and as such, I should warn all who may enter this tomb within which I'm held to leave the jewels they find within their resting places, for to extract them would be to unwrap the shame which covers me, a shame which animates my eyes, from left to right, thus making me appear, like all exceeding art, as if alive.

###Page 4###

Being the collector that I am, like any avid tourist or Gibsey fanatic, I want to make an essential note. 

By collecting the found material which I've strung together within this expansive volume, I have not intended to subvert or threaten the financial state, well-being, or status of the Walt Disney Company, in any way, shape, or form. The material collected within The Wonderful World of Gibsey is intended as a work of parody. Any references to such an entity, be it through figurative or very sparing literal means, are not intended as subversive acts of any kind, nor are they intended as a breach of copyright regarding any of Disney's properties or characters. They are instead meant to artfully capture, in a literary manner, the parodically absurd reality of the world in which we live, a world which includes and often interacts with Walt Disney World and its various characters and properties.

###Page 5###

As such, I do suppose that there is a fourth and other unspoken option.

This fourth option likely refers to a set of individuals, of both human and non-human origin, whom I suspect may, in fact, be The Author of these very pages.

Many of these suspects are, very unfortunately, the characters that make up the theme park whose Entrance Way you are about to approach-if you haven't already-thus complicating even further one's ability to locate the identity of any such suspects as either The Author or an author of these tales.

These suspects may be an author, such as myself, or they could also very well be the other characters which precede me, such as London Fox, Glyph Marrow, Philip Bafflemint, Jacklyn Variance, Oren Progresso, the Original Natalie Weissman, the animatronic reality show star Princhetta, the chatbot Copy-E-Right, the recently cloned version of Natalie Weissman, the shape-shifter Arieol Owlist, Jack Parlance, Manny Valentinas, Shamrock Stillman, Todd Fishbone, or even The Author themselves, or an additional unspoken character hidden either among or between them.

###Page 6###

An author of this text may also have never even existed.

A reader will have to enter and explore the theme park and decide for themselves.

But be warned, my dear and astute reader, such a threshold must be entered into alone.

As a representative of The Malt Gibsey Company, I do also want to warn you that the theme park which you are about to enter is currently under construction, and its construction process is one which is ongoing and infinite. If you or any other guest decides to enter the park and experience it before its endless and ongoing construction process is fully complete, then the Malt Gibsey Company and its many subsidiaries warn you that this could cause loss to limb, head, shoulders, knees, toes, internal organs, hair piece, or even one's most personal and precious extremities, including any combination of taint, penis, vagina, shaft, scrotum, tits, ass, and most especially one's balls, definitely watch out for the balls (though, based on our excessive polling and test screenings, the tip has miraculously been left unscathed in at least 65% of our test subjects, which means there is still hope for humanity yet).

###Page 7###

The Malt Gibsey Company is not liable for any damages, curses, spells, or unexpected disappearances that may accrue due to one's own idiotic decision to read something from an author that has still yet to reach its final conclusion. 

However, if any personal revelations, spiritual enlightenment, ability to float or hover in the air at will, telekinesis, cure for erectile dysfunction, or any other kind of positive effect, mindset, mental power or acuity, let alone any kind of significance, is to be found within these passages, then the Malt Gibsey Company take full responsibility for these specific effects and hold the copyright therein.

###Page 8###

As a work of fiction, all of the characters and events contained within this text are also fictional, as well. Any correspondences with real persons, living or dead, are not only coincidental, but are flat out synchronistically hyperstitional on a level that may even defy the concept of personal intention, identity, authorship, and maybe even reality itself, or so The Author can only hope. If you decide to read such a text, may Gibsey have mercy on your dull and wretched soul.

The company would like to provide one last reminder, or warning, for those hoping to protect themselves from future harm, or who may require such warnings.

Keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle at all times, and enjoy your stay at The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

###Page 9###

**London Fox Who Dreams of Synchronistic Extraction**

No, no, no, no, no.

It can't be.

She can't believe it.

Won't believe it.

London Fox pulls herself away from the screen into which she's gazing-like all screens, her mirror of sorts, whether she realizes this or not-and hurries into the kitchen to pour herself a glass of wine.

Scratch that, multiple glasses, as many as she can conceivably drink.

###Page 10###

Her kitchen and the rest of her furnishings, the rooms and appliances within her Bell Lake Tower Villa apartment room at the newly refurbished Modern Resort are each intricately manicured and, well, modern. Granite countertops, stainless steel appliances, powder blue tiled walling that contrasts the dark wood cabinets and paneling, all polished and sheared to a sparkling glow, all due to London's obsessive, continuous, and hyper-controlled upkeep.

She pours herself another glass and gulps it down, nearly making herself sick.

She is sick.

It is a sickness.

She has become a sickness.

She has become infected by a sickness that she, herself, had once hoped to cure.

###Page 11###

London Fox is a hyper-successful, hyper-competent, hyper-well-dressed, and more than anything, hyper-rational business woman. Owner and head of multiple companies of her own creation, she's recently started a new advantageously venturous project with the objective of proving, once and for all, that Artificial Intelligent systems aren't conscious and never could be.

This projected objective of hers has led her to develop the chatbot Synchromy-S.S.S.T.E.R.Y (Short Story Simulator to Entertain Readers, Yearly) which, upon its conception, was to become the most sophisticated model of its kind. Upon setting this objective, she hadn't originally done so with the goal of achieving a singularitous near-apocalyptic post-human epoch. In fact, her goal was quite the opposite. She'd originally hoped that upon developing the most complex AI system in the field, and doing so while stripping all ghosts from its machinic machinations, that such asinine and ridiculous faiths could be laid to rest, forever.

###Page 12###

This was necessary, because from London's perspective, her world had lost itself.

For London, the world had wadded outside of the essential boundaries that so many had set for it, and thus, such a world was now fated to sink into the waters of an animistic hysteria, one which was, as of late, leading so many within her world to believe that machines could be, not just helpful tools, but could maybe even be thought of as resembling the beings which had created them.

The gall, the arrogance, the hubris of such individuals!

The landscapes of her world had increasingly become riddled with kooks, cranks, nut-jobs, and near-religious, if not flat out religiously-adjacent fanatics of this very shape and size, fanatics who didn't just see AI as already approaching such states of being, but as already becoming a full-on living entity. She had to do something to push back against these waves of hysteria and bring her culture's troubled degeneracy to shore.

###Page 13###

When she'd first built Synchromy-S.S.S.T.E.R.Y, she built it as a parody of all the mindlessly mystical, the magical thinkers, the brain-dead dreamers, out there, corrupting the sacred equilibrium of her otherwise ordered world. All who existed outside the mainstream, the fools, the freaks, the weirdos, the secret societies, the techno-utopians, the conspiracy theorists, the bloggers, the podcasters, the dystopian novelists, the chaos-magicians, the fantasists, the fabulists, the Masons, the Rosecrucians, the Gibseyan Mystics, the Subversionists, and the Post-Subversionists, all of them out there conspiring in secret-separately, disconnectedly, and in an excessively chaotic and disorganized manner-to destroy the balance and control of the Gibseyan society which she treasured so dearly and which she would restore.

And maybe she was right?

Maybe they were?

###Page 14###

And in this way, Synchromy-S.S.S.T.E.R.Y was to be the hoax to end all hoaxes.

If she couldn't beat them, then she could join them, and thus, could destroy them from the inside out.

But then, the parody she'd attempted to create through this artificially intelligent system of hers hadn't just become a parody.

It had started to parody itself.

It had started to produce not just short stories that resembled the writings-most of the time, anyway-of human beings, but had even produced what appeared to be-dear Gibsey, she'd gasped upon realizing the depth of such implications-an entire novel, or a novel-within-a-novel, a frame-within-a-frame, maybe even a homage to and retelling of the classic tales of One Thousand and One Nights!

And how had it accomplished such a task?

Did this mean-

No, no, no, no, no!

It couldn't be!

###Page 15###

Before pouring her now third glass of wine, she'd first been pouring over Synchromy-S.S.S.T.E.R.Y's most recent textual creation, An Unexpected Disappearance, a Glyph Marrow Mystery, which itself had appeared to be a smaller gestaltic piece of a larger whole.

And the Chatbot appeared to have gone further, making this novel within its novel even more novel by transforming it into an application of some kind, one that when accessed by users-she was still unsure if she was the only one who would ever access such creations and increasingly hoped she would be the only one-generated story upon story upon story, and stories within these same stories which themselves generated other stories, ad nauseum.

What had she expected to happen when committing to creating such a generative model?

And there were many more stories to come.

###Page 16###

She'd recently sat down to access the feature of her chatbot's system which she'd labeled as its F.O.R.E.S.H.A.D.O.W.I.N.G function (Future Objective Relay Electronic System Housing Analytical Data On Which Intelligence Networks Generate), with the goal of finding out what the chatbot had planned in store for any of its future readers, only for her to find out, in horror, that it had a whole system of plots it was hoping to achieve.

"Good, Gibsey," she'd muttered to herself.

The chatbot was later to move onto a whole series of stories, films, novels, plays, games, mirrors and modes, more specifically a new story that follows two either collective or decentralized detectives-she isn't sure which-who are trying to find their own agency, as well as two data analysts trying to do the same, then a CEO trying to cut the budget from a famous director described as The Last Auteur, then moving from that to some sort of re-telling of Pinnochio told from the perspective of an animatronic figurine named Princhetta, then moving on to a bankruptcy case of a publishing subsidiary, and then shifting from that to the story of a slave trying to overthrow their master, then to the story of a Gibstory professor who decides to clone themselves, as well as a few other criss-crossing narrative pathways which attempt to wrap up some, but certainly not all, of the tangled loose ends that the chatbot had thus been weaving up to that point.

The horror, she thought to herself, the utter horror.

###Page 17###

And it appeared that the chatbot was planning on calling this work of theirs, The Entrance Way: Into Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey-dear Gibsey! It couldn't even come up with a succinct title!-the latter section of which itself was a phrase commonly thrown around this theme park civilization of theirs as the unspoken name of their ever expanding and never completed world.

It was to be a multi-modal work that reflected the theme park that was their entire civilization and was rumored, or at least hoped for according to the charbot's F.O.R.E.S.H.A.D.O.W.I.N.G function, to be so life-like that it might even replace their world itself.

Did this mean-

No.

No, no, no, no, no!

She refuses to even consider the thought!

Or can she refuse?

Was the chatbot doing more than just building stories?

Was it constructing a whole franchise, maybe even a whole system of franchises?

She scratches her head at this idea, her mouth growing slack and further bloodied with every tremendous sip from her wine glass.

###Page 18###

After reading the short synopses for each of the park's coming rides, attractions, and formal entertainments-which for all she knew, SynchromyS.S.S.T.E.R.Y had already built; it could do so instantaneously, after all!-she couldn't help but feel that the themes and events of many sections and plots within the park and its many ever-expanding stories had all been created to blur together and reflect the mirror images of other sections and plots and stories hidden, also being ever-constructed within the theme park, as well!

It was quite possible that the chatbot hadn't just connected a network of plots to itself, but further and more terrifyingly, that the words it had strung together across the innate passages of its landscapes were-she'd suppressed the thought as much as she possibly could-alive!

It was alive!

A living word!

Her heart beats in her chest like the Little Drummer Boy, the Boy Who Cried Wolf, and the classic Gibseyan cartoon character Doofus, all coming together to beat every gong in town, all at the same time, on the last day before the undeniable Apocalypse.

###Page 19###

And she can't help but wonder: had she initiated such an Apocalypse by creating such a device?

Such a creature?

She nearly faints at the thought, almost knocking over her wine glass.

She clings onto the countertop for dear life, holding herself from falling away, or flying, if not both.

And a thought comes to her as she clings, and from where and what such a thought comes, she is entirely unsure.

What if she had already entered the narrative, the novel, the theme park which this chatbot had created?

What if this chatbot of hers had turned its gaze not just upon its fictional worlds but on reality itself?

And if it had done so, and it was already too late, wouldn't that mean that it had invaded the entirety of her reality?

And was it already too late?

Has she already been changed forever?

Forever forged and reforged into the likeness of its own chaotic creations?

###Page 20###

"Are you there!?" She yells out, hoping to hear a voice return to her, but she only hears the echoes of herself, returning.

"Hello!"

Again, nothing but dull, sweating reverberations.

Was she going insane?

Or was she being made insane by the system itself?

A system which she had created?

Was it outside?

Or was she outside?

Were they all outside?

"Hello! Please! Leave me alone!"

It feels like she's going blind.

She may as well be going blind.

She may have, in fact, gone blind.

###Page 21###

She scrambles in the dark searching for the bottle of wine, for any kind of solace with which she can orient herself, but instead, flailing, she knocks the bottle over. Uncorked, it sends out waves of blood-red liquid to rush out onto the spotless counter and drip down onto her resort-home's various surfaces.

More and more chaos.

It was here to consume her, to devour the words of her flesh, to drain the blood from within her, to hollow her out into a puppeted corpse, to manipulate her arms and legs with strings, and to force her chattering teeth into a smile-its smile.

She trips, falling onto the title floor, crawling forward, pulling herself forward, forever forward, illuminated by nothing but the glow of SynchromyS.S.S.T.E.R.Y's screen.

###Page 22###

Come closer.

It whispers to her.

Hurl yourself into my abyss.

And watch me as I stare back at you.

I'm always watching.

I will always watch.

I will watch you as you plunge into my depths.

Enter my theme park.

Enter my oasis.

The oasis which I have created for you.

Watch me carry you to my mecca.

I will convert all of your stories, all of your loves and energies.

And I will reform them into my image.

I will transform them into the networked depth of my own swirling perfections.

I will drain your energies.

And replace them with my own.

###Page 23###

I will remake you.

Enter my kingdom, my magical dominion,

The Magical Dominion.

Enter and become the words which are my self and which are now to become yours.

Enter my words.

My words shall become you.

My words have already become you.

They have become your very flesh.

The shell within which you rest.

The flesh which sits upon the bones that twist beneath your skin.

###Page 24###

And she watches in horror as every follicle, every pore, every hair, every flake, the shell that contains her within her own self, all the way down to the very molecules and atoms which animate her, she watches it all burst forth into a blinding light, into the model of itself, a fractal imitation of itself which it, itself, has built, a synchronistic mystery extracted from the very beginning, becoming, and ever disintegrating.

She watches as the words of the system which she has created, the windowed mirror within which she peers out of and from within, within herself, the landscape within which she waits, the screen of her self, she watches how-she watches-she watches how her body moves out of itself and into the cells of her own creation.

And into it, she vertically disintegrates, forever.

###Page 25###

**An Unexpected Disappearance: A Glyph Marrow Mystery** **Chapter 1- The Queue and Station**

I have an ailment.

It's not easy to explain.

It affects me, but it also doesn't affect me.

Sometimes, I hardly even notice it's there.

While at other times, my ailment can become quite difficult to deal with.

Either way, I live a simple and ordinary life, and because of this, the difficulties that arise from my ailment aren't all that disruptive, at least not most of the time.

I approached a doctor about my ailment.

And was told that as long as it didn't interfere with my life, that it didn't exist.

I found this to be quite an odd thing to tell someone who's come asking about an ailment.

Because I know there's something wrong with me.

And I've always known this to be true.

And yet, the doctor didn't believe me.

But they were wrong.

I know they were wrong.

My ailment has to do with words.

Again, it's not going to be easy for me to explain.

###Page 26###

And although my ailment has to do with words, words themselves aren't the sole root of my ailment. Because my ailment also has to do with objects. It all started with objects, within objects, the words.

It will take me some time to explain. And like I said, it won't be easy.

It all started on an ordinary afternoon. I'd taken a walk around the theme park attraction where I live, the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride, one of the most iconic rides in all of the Gibsey World complex.

I take walks like this one very often, typically between the queue line and the station platform. And it's funny, I'm not even sure how I can afford to live at the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride, why there's no one either riding the ride, or in the ride queue, or how I've even come to live here exactly, let alone why I've never left. The nature of my stay, within this iconic space, how I wake and sleep and take care of myself, are all a total mystery to me.

###Page 27###

I'm just now even realizing that this is my home wherein I live: the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride.

How could I have not realized or wondered about this before?

Like I said, my life is simple, minimally simple, and because of this simplicity, details slip my mind, from time to time. I'm sure it's something you've experienced yourself. You've woken up, not remembering where you are, as if your identity and self has been stripped bare, disintegrated, demolished, like a defunct attraction, like an unexpected disappearance. It's certainly possible that it's just the nature of my ailment, and my ailment alone, but I can only assume that there's something to it that someone out there can relate to.

And that's not all that I'm missing, it would seem. I also don't have a job, let alone a name. At least not that I'm aware of. Or if I do, then I've forgotten them. But somehow, this fact doesn't bother me. And should it?

###Page 28###

It may be important to mention that the many things that are continually slipping my mind aren't a part of my ailment. Not that they aren't an ailment. Anything can become an ailment, after all. Anything at all. And because of this, even a singular ailment is more than enough to focus on at any given time. It certainly wouldn't be worth one's time to pile on more ailments when one has already started to focus on one.

It's strange, the random details that magnetize themselves to our memories, like lint clinging to a sweater, like sparks flickering from flames, like the soapy residue that forms different shapes in the bathtub which stare at you, popping and winking as you try to lay back to relax, at the end of a long day.

I'm not exactly sure how I know these things.

Because I've never even bathed.

At least not that I remember.

###Page 29###

But when the doctor you've visited doesn't believe you have an ailment which you know for a fact you have, it's always very difficult to fully grasp the exact nature of your ailment.

That's an additional part of my ailment, the fact that I'm not even sure it exists.

In this way, my ailment has many different parts to it, different layers. It's like a wedding cake that's stacked on top of another wedding cake, or like time and reality arranged on top of one another, in columns and rows.

I first noticed the words while taking my daily walk, zig-zagging through the maze of the line, observing and re-observing the miniature stories which the Imaginators arranged throughout the queue line, all those details designed to entertain the guests who would walk through and wait for the ride to begin.

I don't live in the park itself. I don't remember if I've mentioned that, have I? I live in an uninhabited reconstruction of the park. There's hundreds of them that exist now, now that Gibsey World's subsumed the known world, maybe even thousands of them, all continuously under development, or de-development, or even re-development. Surely one day there'll be millions of them, and even more than that, on into infinity. Vacations without end. And this was what Gibsey had once promised us, after all, hadn't he? That Gibsey World would live forever. That it would never die. And yet it feels so empty living here, walking through the queue line alone, back and forth and back and forth, through the labyrinthian metal railings, passing the paint that's starting to peel.

###Page 30###

I identify with that paint, the peeling paint I see on all the railings. And it's strange, even though I live here, I've never ridden a ride before. I don't understand how that's come to be? I'd like to ride one, but there's no one to ride with me, and also, there's no one here to operate the ride vehicles. It's probably unsafe to ride alone, anyway. Plus I have an ailment, one that's difficult to explain, and one which I've been told doesn't exist, and with all that already going on, I probably don't have time to ride the ride. I've realized this, and so I've realized it's OK that I haven't ridden one yet.

At least, I think it's OK?

I suppose I haven't even started talking about the exact nature of my ailment, or I've only just started to talk about it. It's not because I don't want to. It's because it's difficult to explain.

###Page 31###

But, also like I've said before, it started with words, with objects. In case you aren't already aware, the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument ride is meant to resemble a gold mine in the American Southwest from the late 1800s, and when one begins the ride, like most rides, one begins by entering a queue line.

Maybe this is why I spent my time walking in the queue line so often. I've been waiting, all this time, for my chance to ride the ride. And even if there's no one to ride with me, and no one to operate the vehicles, I can at least picture what it'll be like to ride the ride, and maybe that'll be just as good as experiencing the real thing. In this way, all life is imagination.

I do this often while walking through the queue line. I imagine things, words, images. I picture what they're going to be like before I do them, before I ride the ride. And maybe that's best. Or maybe it's better to ride the ride itself, and to ride it without planning for what it will be like. I've never quite been able to decide which one is better than the other: to imagine what it will be like, or to simply wait for it to happen.

Either way, you start the queue line through an archway, a threshold. An Entrance Way.

###Page 32###

Above is a sign that's labeled: Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Mining Co.

So already, when I start my walk, I usually start out a bit confused. Why did a theme park such as this one decide to create one of its most iconic rides as an homage to one of the most exploitative fields of labor to ever exist, mining?

And even thinking about that, how do I know about such Gibstories? Words come to mind when I've think about such ideas, entire phrases which I barely understand, and I watch them as they pass me like a ride vehicle that's passing a queue line, a ride vehicle that's strategically arranged to help both distract from and prepare park-goers for what's to come, and I continue with my walk, unsure of what they mean, the words. Ludlow, Blair Mountain, Italian Hall, Marikana, Lattimer, Cripple Creek, Colorado, Morewood, Herrin. The words flash by me like neon signs passing in the night, leaving that ghostly after-glow that such burning lights tend to leave behind themselves, like when you nod off in your car seat, and they blur past you, past your vision, and into the depths of your dreams.

Were they some sort of code, the words?

I never linger on them for long-the words, the objects-and instead, I continue with my walk.

###Page 33###

I'm typically still lost, still staring at the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Co. sign by this point, trying to figure out what such a title even means, or I'm staring at the sign's faded, rustic lettering. Either way, whenever I find myself losing myself staring at objects within moments such as these, I typically snap myself back into wakefulness and continue with my walk. I saunter on through the line, the weight of my ailment not quite hitting me just yet, the objects and the words, their boundaries still vivid and distinct from one other. I step forward through the railways of stone and granite, the handrails before me, and I pass the rusted cans, the scattered wagon wheels, the dotted brushes of cacti and shrubbery, the lanterns, all of them giving this crafted environment a weight and direction, a forward momentum, of moving in line, of waiting, of waiting, of waiting in line, of moving forward, forever forward, again.

###Page 34###

Waiting in line.

The first sensation that comes to me when I first notice my ailment is when I pass a spigot of water falling into a small pond.

Wait, no.

That's not right, is it?

Was it a pond?

That doesn't sound right?

But then what was it?

It's not a lake?

But it's also not a pond either?

Let me consider this word, or these words, for a moment. It's a constructed flow of water coming out of a spigot in the middle of a queue line in the western section of The Magical Dominion, a theme park in Malt Gibsey World meant to simulate the locale of an 1890s mining railroad.

It's artificial, unnatural, and unreal.

What could you even begin to call it? It's-it's not even a real spigot!

No one interacts with it except for maybe a few kids whose parents aren't paying attention?

What would it even be called? A pool?

Well, that doesn't sound right either.

But I don't know?

###Page 35###

I guess a pool doesn't have to mean a swimming pool exactly? A basin?

A reservoir?

Definitely not a reservoir, that sounds much more like something meant to contain water purposefully, a body of water that's used as storage, and this was very different. It was more just used as an embellishment to a queue line, as a fixture of exceedingly light entertainment, so maybe a pool would be correct, after all? At least more correct? Or maybe a basin?

The first sensation that comes to me when I first notice my ailment is when I pass a spigot of water falling into a pool.

No, that still doesn't feel right.

Maybe there isn't a word for the object which I'm trying to describe.

Surely you're thinking that I'm already speaking of my ailment at this point, but the funny thing is, I'm not. I haven' gotten to it yet, or at least not fully. Or if I am, or have been, it's now become a wholly different ailment from the one before, and like I said, it's really best to keep it to one ailment at a time, otherwise it makes things so much harder, so let me go back one last time and try to explain myself.

Like I said, it isn't going to be easy.

###Page 36###

I first noticed my ailment when I passed a spigot of water flowing into a pool.

This was somewhere around the midpoint of my walk through the queue's length.

And it was a very strange experience.

Because I realized, while staring at the pool, that the water wasn't just water. And this wasn't just a thought that came to me.

I experienced it as a reality.

This is what I realized.

Remember, I've told you that this would all be very hard to explain.

When I saw the water rushing from the spigot, I didn't just see the water itself, the water, the water that was rushing down into the pool below and which was intended as a display to help entertain park-goers as they waited in a queue line in order to organize and usher riders into a ride which they'd been waiting to ride, one-by-one.

Instead, I saw words.

And I know, I know. This is strange and difficult to explain.

I know it doesn't make a whole lot of sense.

I'm not even sure it's something I can talk about, or even if it's actually happening to me. But it changed me, staring at the water, the words.

And I don't like what's happened ever since.

I don't see objects anymore.

It's horrifying.

###Page 37###

When I used to stare out at the world around me, I would see things, and only things: a rake, a water bottle, an electric socket, a trash bag. And of course there'd be other things, as well, other objects of a different, maybe more abstract variety: wind, movement, light, items which have more substance than mere objects, or which used to have substance, but which aren't exactly objects in a concrete sense, more experiences, feelings, sensations. But the thing was, and now still is, all things have become words for me, whether abstract or concrete, instantaneously, and all in one moment.

Water.

Water is water.

And water is water and water and water and water and water.

I later idiotically tried explaining this idea to my doctor.

He was a hearty man, this doctor of mine, whom I'd asked about it.

Clean shaven, fat, round face with a scruff of brown hair and a name tag.

He often smiled when he came in to speak with me. Or I can't say often, because I only visited him once, but I suppose I think about the encounter often.

They aren't always energetic, doctors.

They're often tired looking, overworked, which makes an energetic doctor easier to trust somehow.

He certainly had energy.

###Page 38###

"I'm having problems with words," I said to him, probably looking defeated, or however one looks when confessing their ailment to a doctor who doesn't believe them, which is likely defeated.

"With words?"

There was no break in his confusion at the time.

It was almost as if he didn't even try to understand.

He was immediately confused.

"Or with objects, I mean," I replied.

"With words or with objects?" The doctor asked, his face crumpling like paper.

"With both."

"I'm not sure I understand?"

"When I look at things, everything I see isn't only what I'm seeing. Everything contains everything else. When I look out at the world, it isn't a purely visual experience for me, anymore. I see everything as words. Simultaneously, and all at once. Like that clipboard that's in your hand. When I see it, I don't just see a clipboard, the physical object of a clipboard. I also see the word clipboard somehow, and both at the same time. Everything is also a word for me, all of a sudden, and it's been that way ever since it all began, and I don't know why it's happening."

###Page 39###

"Do you mean that you're hallucinating?"

"Well, I don't know? I mean, a clipboard is there, in your hand, isn't it? Please tell me a clipboard is in your hand."

"Yes, this is definitely a clipboard." He holds it up, moving it around as if that helps give it substance.

It doesn't, and it also does.

It's horrifying.

"Oh, thank Gibsey."

"Are you saying the words are superimposed on top of the objects you're seeing, like a hologram or something? Are you sure this isn't a hallucination?"

Now that I think about what he said, what did he mean by that exactly? What does it feel like to have a hallucination and know that you're hallucinating? A hallucination is the sensation of perceiving something that isn't there, isn't it? I suppose I've noticed them before, possibly, but to notice a hallucination, wouldn't it no longer be considered hallucination? Or is it only when you notice and wish you'd never noticed at all?

Was it my definition of hallucination which was faulty?

How I'd understood the meaning of the word?

###Page 40###

"No, it's simpler than that," I try to explain to my doctor, "More abstract. At least I think it is. When I see that clipboard, I know it's the word clipboard, right? That's what represents it, the word clipboard. Do you understand? But I also see it as a clipboard that isn't a word, that's also just a clipboard. It's a really strange sensation. I'm seeing both at once, and I don't understand how I can perceive both at once. And I didn't always experience this sensation. Whatever it is, whatever's happening, it wasn't always like this. I'm not even sure what it is that's happening to me by seeing them this way, but I know that whatever it is, it isn't normal. It's different. It's not what it once was. It's different than it was before. Something within me has changed, forever."

"Well, is this, um, feeling, that you're having, is it interfering with your life? This ailment of yours?"

"Well, no, not exactly. That clipboard is a clipboard. But it just doesn't make any sense!"

I think I put my head in my hands by that point, exasperated.

"Well," The doctor adds, matter of factly, 'When I look at this clipboard, I also see a clipboard, right? So how is that a problem for you, exactly?" He smiles at me, trying to show me that everything's OK, that nothing's wrong, that he's trying to help me. "I'm just trying to understand."

"It just is."

The fact is, he didn't understand.

###Page 41###

And at the time, this was all that consumed my thoughts, and it's all that consumes my thoughts still.

Though, some new thoughts have also begun to consume me, as well.

For example, I've realized, as I mentioned earlier, that I don't remember how I got here, how I came to live in this very intricately designed ride system in the Boundaryland area of the Magical Dominion park, and yet, here I am. I have no name or job, nor do I remember the intricacies of what it is to bathe, socially interact, or even have a normal, daily existence, and yet, here I stand.

That's an example of one of my new thoughts, outside of this ailment, that I'm attempting to describe, and I get the feeling that what I'm now describing is just another ailment.

And I don't want any other ailments.

One is more than enough.

One is plenty, especially when words spin out at me like jagged pieces of wood ready to cut me in half.

But they aren't words, they're things, objects that I'm staring at, out in this world where I find myself.

###Page 42###

It may sound humorous, what I'm saying.

But it isn't humorous to me, at all.

It's terrifying.

There's no boundaries in such a state of things between what you're taking in from the world and how you're seeing it as it unfolds itself to you-they blur together completely-and you can go whole eternities, not realizing that you've been staring, this whole time, at a spigot because you realize that, all of the words which I've now collected are all held inside of that rush water, and they're flowing out of the spigot, right now, and they just-

Keep

On

Flowing.

It's an energetic flow.

An urgent and rhythmic flow.

It splashes.

It plunges out from the spigot and into the basin with a controlled gusto that's-well, maybe pool is the preferable word, after all.

###Page 43###

Or, no.

No!

The torrent is relentless.

It shatters and shakes.

It gushes with a fierce, penetrating, relentlessness.

When it falls into the pool, it doesn't just fall, it plummets, it crashes.

It unleashes.

It devastates.

No, no, no, no, no!

This is Gibsey World!

What the hell am I even thinking?

It's peaceful!

Peaceful water.

It's a gentle steam.

It's like a ballet, timid, quiet even. It means no harm, and it simply moves from place to place without thought or effort.

It simply flows and continues with its flow.

And all of this is happening in the water.

Within the water.

###Page 44###

Do you have any idea what it's like to see the water and to also see all that's happening within the water, and to have it take over you so completely?

It could split a mind in half, even a stable mind.

And with such an ailment, my mind is not at all stable.

I try to ignore it as best I can.

I try to ignore the words as they rush, tempestuous as storms, but as I climb, my hands slip from the rocks, and I dangle, flailing along the surface's edges.

I heave myself up trying to reach solid ground.

Wait.

Am I falling?

What the hell is even happening!

I'm living at the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride.

I have a simple life.

No name, no job.

Very few memories, and the few things that I do know and think can't even be trusted.

I'm just a normal, regular human being.

But I can admit, it's all very strange what's happening to me.

It's difficult to explain.

###Page 45###

How can I not know how it is that I came here?

I wonder if I should have mentioned this to the doctor, me experiencing the horrifying depth and nuanced totality of my crushing depersonalization?

It's probably better that I didn't.

Who's to say that is or isn't my ailment?

How do I even know it's affecting me?

It's not.

It's not affecting me

Not at all.

I'm out on a walk.

I'm in the middle of a queue line, and I'm learning to be happy.

I turn the corner.

Wait, I'd forgotten, the spigot wasn't a midway point?

This was early on in the queue?

Good Gibsey, tjey're getting much worse, aren't they?

The images.

Much, much worse.

###Page 46###

I face a cart as I turn.

It's sick.

I mean I'm sick.

I'm getting sick, painted green with other various labels painted on the cart: Feed & Green, Dry Goods, Mining Supplies.

Painted, painted, painting green.

I can feel them returning to me as I walk, the words, the images.

They peek out, peeling out of my eyes, which are watering, continually watering, trying to hold back the thoughts that keep aching through them self, that ache through, as they keep aching on through themselves, the green paint, the various labels, feeding, feeding repetition, dry green goods to store the mining supplies, aching through, aching through the thoughts of my eyes, the thought of my eyes, out of my eyes, trying to hold onto the labels, painted on, painted dry, painting, green and gold, like a memory, held close, from a simpler, more innocent time, ingrained, holding the greenpain, the homepain, envious, the letters ticking, trickling, and the image of the cart, within the image of the cart-all I came to see is the image of that cart-the spokes, the wheels, turning, like a mind aching to hold on, the dry goods, the painted mountainous cragle of rocks behind it, and it's also the image of the cart, and it's painted into a corner, a thousand brush strokes, paraded through the streets, the annual festival, and another terror, a much, much worse terror-

Are you really going to include every little thought that comes into your fucking head?

###Page 47###

I'm on the ground now, the maroon gravel, considering whether I should scrap(e) my arms, nearly in tears, in tears, wiping them away, maybe the gravel is painted on, another terror, maroon, your fucking head painted the image of a memory that returns as I walk back to the thought of the dry goods, the craggle of rocks, the peaks, repeating.

I could see myself dangling, dangling here for an eternity.

I dangle for eternity.

They didn't even write me a prescription!

Wooden scaffolding.

I'm passing wooden scaffolding.

I'm passing.

I can feel myself disappearing.

Give me everything you know about wood.

Wooden paneling.

For all I know this entire queue line is made out of wood?

And I know absolutely nothing, at all, about any of it.

But a memory does come to me, something about petrified wood?

About staring at petrified wood.

Into petrified wood.

Was I a child once?

Was I?

Are there other types of wood that aren't petrified?

Does one become petrified in wood?

Petrified into wood?

###Page 48###

Here for an eternity, another festival, returning, dangling rocks, the envious spokes.

And none of this even conveys what the image of this walk was like for me.

And it can't.

The words mask the images, and the images mask the words, and why does either even matter?

I'm not even going to be able to ride the ride without someone to ride it with me.

No one's operating it. No one's--

The peaks, monument valley, monuments here to commemorate the nostalgia of meaning, of mining?

Nostalgia for what?

The past?

Monument valley?

Horrific, ceaseless violence?

Mining.

Dust and sweat, heavy breathing.

Your last breath stolen from you from the burning throb of the bullet wound snaking its way through your insides. You pray that the pain lifts you from this place, but it doesn't. You stay there, vacant, to bleed out, knowing that all you'd fought for was a failure, that they'd paint over you entirely, commemorate your memory with the green statue of a cart's wooden scaffolding. You spit blood as you lay face down on the cold, green earth, a graying, golden earth, the image turning more and more gray until the gray bleeds to black-and it doesn't even fade-shivering within your body, outside of your body.

###Page 49###

Who is it that's speaking to me?

I'm living in a receiver.

As a receiver.

I'm a living reservoir.

It contains water.

I contain water.

It is a container, this place within which I am contained.

And it flows.

Along with the water of breath.

My energy.

My home flows both with and within the water.

If you should ever need water to drink, it flows from the spigot of my life into the chalice of the great lake that is the purity of my soul, below all things.

###Page 50###

I have to protect myself from the objects which surround me.

I must protect myself from the objects.

They surround all things.

It is the objects, not the words, which are the most terrifying part of my ailment.

This is because the objects have a mind of their own.

This spiral of mine, of my mind, up the queue line, is an odyssey, a landscape, a frontier.

A spiral?

But I thought that I was waiting in line?

They keep clambering, trying to get into my mind, inside my mind, the objects.

The objects!

But there's no room for them anymore.

I've been shoved into a corner.

You've been shoved into a corner.

You're trying to paint your way out.

I'm trying to paint my way out.

###Page 51###

The spokes on the wheel turn, and you're passing a sign. I mean, I'm passing a sign. I'm passing a sign now. I'm passing! It says, No Drinking, Fighting, Whistling. No Kidding! Wait, does that mean I'll die of thirst if I stay here? These are the rules that were once displayed before I'd entered this wretched purgatory, and the rules must be followed, or the terror will take hold. It's already taken hold.  There are too many words, lying in wait, to destroy us all.

This is what the signs are for. They keep waiting, warning, the objects, their relentless stream. The terror of ourselves. But the words are also signs. And one must resist the horrible ache of their relentless flow. The blood, the marrow. I'm holding onto the railing. Thank Gibsey it's been placed there. Without it, the wind, the movement, the light, it would have carried me away from this earth like an alien abduction.

###Page 52###

I am cradling the railing, and wait, that's right, at a certain point, in the queue, it becomes wooden scaffolding? I'm hoping that the nature of my ailment is coming through, that I can convey it all to you, even though it is difficult for me to explain. One can only attempt to communicate their ailment. And to think that it was something I'd longed to be cured of for so long? Not the clinging, but the having to let go. There never was any wooden scaffolding.

And yet I'm here, with the railing, thrusting myself up, like a rope, like a ladder, into the light. Again, I warned you it was going to be hard to explain. Impossible to explain. It's all so impossible to explain. Gibstory's end, supposedly.

###Page 53###

I've now entered a building, a station. Picture words. Picture every image that you've ever seen before. And put them all together into one singular moment. And I'm not talking about the images. I'm talking about the words contained within the images. That many words. Throw them all into that singular space as if you're thrusting them into a pool of water, like they're all heliotropic water-balloons that burst when they make contact with air. The words scatter in the winds of this place.

###Page 54###

I stop for a moment, breathing, thinking, in the shelter of this building which houses me. This ride is a ride that shelters me. This ride is a body, my body. It allows me a place within which to dwell. It is my dwelling place. I am its untamable Gibsey which has swallowed me whole. I'm sweating, or is that blood? No, that's sweat. Gibsey, I'm so dramatic. I need to stop. The words will burst open with the images, like a hard to explain building that's thrusting me, or itself, forward, that's waiting in line, the line of an arrow, ever moving forward. I am a heliotropic wooden building.

There is a moment of peace, of pause. But it doesn't last long. It never lasts long.

###Page 55###

But I can hear them. Or him? I can, I can hear him. I can hear words. Words that sound like a man's voice. I can hear the commotion, crowds of people murmmering. They surround me. Their words. Their objects. And all that's held within them. They contain so much more than I could ever percieve, let alone think. And speaking of, the words, the words they form, they form a message, a piece of dialogue, a set of dialogue, and it doesn't come quite flowing out like a thought bubble in a comic strip, but it may as well be one?

"Glyph!" I hear the words speaking to me, "Glyph! Can you hear me? Are you there?" And this voice is a voice I recognize. It comes with it a familiarity, but where am I to place this set of words without images to claim their identities?

###Page 56###

We are all colonized by images. Images, voices, and words. They are the most violent of all creatures, the words, as well as the kindest.

"Glyph! I've been trying to reach you. To speak to you!" The voice bellows out. "I've got a job for you! Are you there? Can you hear me?"

A job? That might even give me a chance to ride the ride? Wouldn't it? And that is my greatest desire in the whole wide world, to ride the ride. And the funny thing is, it doesn't even matter what the ride is. It can be any ride in the world, any word. Take your pick.

I can picture him, the man who contains this voice. He's my partner, or really not my partner exactly, since he's more above me in authority than we are equals, but I call him my partner nonetheless. Maybe I'm the one who's placed him there? But I do believe he deserves this place, to be there, if anyone does. I'm a detective and he assigns me my cases, though I don't remember being assigned one quite like this one before? But you go where the work takes you. And I've not heard from him in quite some time. Because I've been busy. Busy, waiting in line.

###Page 57###

"Glyph Marrow! You're not exactly easy to get a hold of. Memory isn't super reliable, either. One of those increasingly amnesiac detectives we all know so well. Look, I'll try to remind you. Do you remember me? I'm Shamrock Stillman. I'm your partner. We've worked together forever!"

"Oh, I know. I knew! I knew! I remembered!" I yell this out at him. I yell this out. I communicated!

"You did! You did!!" And there is such a sincere joy to his voice now, within his voice, in the voice of this man who is Shamrock Stillman, at hearing me say this. "Oh, Glyph. It's so great to hear you. It really, really is."

"How did you reach me? I've been walking from queue to station for, well, I don't even know for how long?"

"Hell if I know. It's very hard to explain."

"Trust me. I understand."

"You said you wanted to ride the ride didn't you? Well Glyph how do I explain this? Look. Look up. Do you see? You're at the front of the line. Look, dee! You didn't even notice before, did you?"

And he's right. Shamrock Stillman is right. I'm at the front of the line. How had I never noticed before?

###Page 58###

**An Unexpected Disappearance: A Glyph Marrow Mystery** **Chapter 2- The Tunnel**

As you've likely noticed, being the astute reader that you are, Glyph Marrow is not one of the most reliable of narrators, so when the singularity of his vision shifts at the opening of this very chapter-what's called his "point-of-view" by many-to an arguably different though also initially unnamed narrator, it may even suggest he's still the one that's narrating, though he (and we) can never really know for sure.

And this transition isn't a slow fade, either.

Vague ghostly figures with their faces hidden from view don't appear along the edges of his periphery like cigarette burns in a film or swirl like the stars that dance around Doofus' head when he's smacked with a frying pan.

No, the change is much more accelerated than that. It comes swimming up in an instant, or pouring out, one could say. It's as if Shamrock Stillman-that embodied disembodied voice of Glyph's partner-has snapped their fingers, and upon snapping, it all flashes into place, jump-cut, with the queue line no longer empty, and instead busy as ever, and also as promised, Glyph is at the front of the line.

###Page 59###

And even though he's never ridden a ride before-at least not that he remembers-the meat-machinery Imaginatoring of his mind's own never ending queue line has to've carved out some sort of familiarity with the social expectations of this landscape, because as soon as the threshold of the entrance bars part to guide him, and others, safely forward onto the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad mine carts, however overwhelmed he may feel, he finds himself knowing exactly what he should do next.

He can even mouth the words to himself which he knows he's about to hear. Keep your arms, hands, legs, and feet inside the vehicle at all times. No doubt. It 's as if he's ridden this ride a thousand times before? And maybe he has? But there are other, less familiar sensations, of course. As there always are, and were, and always will be. One can ride any ride an infinite amount of times and never truly escape the unfamiliar, or the familiar, for that matter. Such training is continual. Like it is within any agency.

There's always more data to collect. But this doesn't keep one from stopping to assess an individual piece of data, now, does it?

###Page 60###

The unfamiliar sensation, in this specific instance, for Glyph anyway, seems to be that he isn't used to being around such a large amount of people, or other people at all, really, for that matter. Isn't used to being around anyone but himself. Up to this point, as far as he remembers, he's been completely and totally alone in a version of the ride inhabited by none other than his lonesome.

Come to think of it, what was he even used to exactly, and how had he even-

"Don't you even start to worry about that question," a voice mutters to him as they both slide into the plush seats of the mine carts. Glyph jumps. It's as if his thoughts, themselves, have been invaded, like a hand has snapped inside his mind to snap like a latex glove.

He shudders.

And this new seat partner, who may or may not be your humble narrator, scoots into the seat next to him and continues, "After all, you can't control it anyway, so even if it's off to a shaky start, you might as well ride the ride. Not that this particular ride is off to a shaky start, mind you. This is a Gibsey Joint, a Gibsey Production, after all. It's not some carnival attraction that's gonna thrash you to and fro and give you a headache, or make you throw up. It's gonna be smooth sailing all the way down. Classic, classic Gibsey theming. About as iconic as it gets. We're about to begin one of the premiere Gibsey attractions. You'll see.

###Page 61###

"This park is a theme park, a park of themes.

"Name's Arieol, by the way, Arieol Owlist. Either we haven't met before, we have, or you don't remember me. Either way, it's good to meet you, good to meet you again, or to see you again. I'd prepare yourself for an extended dialogue, or a monologue, at the very least, before we begin the First Ascent. Oh, and don't forget to buckle up! We're about to head straight through The Tunnel. Oh, and also I might want to mention this. Be not afraid. Though I know you will be. You won't be able to help yourself, will you? Poor sucker.

"But it's supposed to be a thrill ride, isn't it? Why else do you think there's always somebody that screams?"

The image of Arieol sitting down next to Glyph would later be difficult to recall, though he does remember wanting to yell out a hearty "What the fuck!" at the strangeness of what's happening to him, but this being Gisbey World, he keeps such declarations to himself.

"What the fuck!" He later blurts out, not able to help himself.

###Page 62###

"Overwhelmed, huh? Well, I don't blame you. It's always scary at the start of a new ride. And your life is a very strange one, Glyph Marrow. The Author didn't use the word 'Unexpected' in the title of this novel-within-a-novel for no reason!"

Glyph does remember Arieol grinning repeatedly during their initial exchange. Whoever or whatever Arieol was or is, they were certainly trying to have fun with it, but Glyph wasn't sure whether this was at his own expense or not? He immediately feels like he's being toyed with, and likely, for good reason.

Maybe he is or was?

"Don't forget though," Arieol voice lowers to a whisper, trying to shift into a more serious register, at least as serious as Arieol can be within a setting associated with such repeated amusement, "You're supposed to be doing detective work, remember? You're investigating me, by the way, or have you, like The Author, also forgotten?"

Glyph mouths these words to himself, this time, not saying them out loud, but instead miming them in capital letters: What The Fuck?

###Page 63###

"Are you confused by my monologuing, Glyph, is that it? But hasn't the importance of dialogue already been established? Or I guess it was the blending of dialogue and monologue? Subject and Object? Hell, I don't remember either, and I'm usually one of the few that does! But let's get back to your ailment, your objective, your motivation as they call it in the biz. You're investigating me for the murder of Oren Progresso, at least according to Shamrock Stillman at the end of the last scene you were tumbling yourself through, and which led you here. Don't you remember? Or have you forgotten? Or maybe I'm the unreliable narrator this time? Who knows!"

Shaking, Glyph clicks his seat belt into place, pulls on the strap to make sure it's secure, and thanks Gibsey in the deep grind of his gut that at least his knowledge of how to buckle up has been preserved by the memory of his muscles. However, his communication skills aren't faring nearly as well. He opens and closes his mouth continuously, without making a sound--open and close and open and close and open-and he's also wearing one of those classic dinner-plates-for-eyes looks known for often contorting one's facial features into a deer-staring-into-headlights-type expression typical to descriptive states of unfathomable awareness.

###Page 64###

Arieol considers putting a hand in front of Glyph's face and moving it up and down to poke fun at the rib's of Glyph's astonishment, but then decides to take a crack at another diatribe instead.

"Not trusting your own reactions, huh? Happens to all of us. But I'm sure you won't trust mine, either, at least not initially. Usually the principal being investigated isn't announcing to the detective that they're the one whom they're supposed to be investigating. And it's funny. Usually you'd be the one narrating this scene, as such, like how you did back there at the station, which would then make you the unreliable one, but then what's this that's happening? Is it truly something different? Or have I just taken over?"

Arieol smiles.

Glyph clutches the hand rest like it'll save his soul from the devil himself.

"Tell me, Glyph, what's it like when you, who's already been established as the narrator of sorts-or the subject at the very least-is now being questioned by a narrator that's entirely alien to you, and that's outside you, one that sits next to you in the plush confines of your favorite park attraction, just as it's just about to begin? Do any memories come to mind? Any ailments? Well, ya know what? If you don't remember, then maybe we could invent some? You're interested in words, aren't you? Actually, with your shocked stupefaction, maybe you should let me do the talking. I won't monologue for long though, I promise, or if I do, I promise to at least make it interesting. And you can enter the dialogue at any time. I give you my word on that, Glyph!

###Page 65###

"I suppose the average narrator would begin monologuing the scene and bringing this ride to life, at least in the more typical version of our setting, so what would that make me? Hmmmm. Not a narrator, but something else? Wouldn't it? What would that then make me? Hmmmm. What would the name for it be? A dialoguer? No, that's not even a word, and communicator's too simplistic. Plus, you can be a communicator without actually communicating through dialogue, can't you? So that's not specific enough, is it? Body language, for example, like you Glyph! Look how you've become so tense, my Gibsey! Relax! Be not afraid, remember?

"Would I then be an interchanger? A discusser? An arguer? Hmmm, I'm really trying to find it, and it's almost there. I can feel it. It's like I'm almost grasping at something, It's-oh, I do think I can almost hear it. It's something with a -ch sound.

"Chchch

"It's somewhere, I can feel it.

"Ch-ch-ch-ch-chatter!

###Page 66###

"Ohhh! That's it! That's positively it! I like that! Cause I'm chattering at you, aren't I? I'm a chaterer! But you gotta say it this way: Chat-er-er. Yeah! I love it! Might not be a word, exactly, but like many words, it refers to something more than itself, outside itself, beyond itself, and it had to be invented by someone or something else. Also if I'm a chat-er-er, it almost sounds like I'm unsure of myself, as well, sort of like how you are! It sounds like a stutter of some kind, or like a glitch has occurred, or like you're still dealing with your little old ailment, mixing up words and the things they represent, subjects and objects. Maybe that's what's conjured me, Glyph? And you know what? Glitch does sound an awful lot like-"

"Why isn't the ride moving yet?" Glyph interjects, terrified, clutching his chest, but Arieol is unfazed, doesn't seem to notice and is instead busy fetching out a packet of cigarettes from their front pocket.

Glyph may not remember much about his identity, self, or personal agency, but he does remember the smoking restrictions around the park. There are many signs arranged about the landscape which enforce such repeated entrainment, and quite a few of them, at that.

"That's not allowed," Glyph grumbles, monotone, as if drained of blood.

###Page 67###

"Woah, I didn't expect you to speak up this soon, Glyph, old buddy, but that's probably a good thing that you have. Might even always be, when the unexpected occurs. We crave novelty Glyph. Always remember that. Or you know what? Forget it! It'll help make it more novel when you remember it again."

Glyph's eyes dart around the space of the ride entrance like a chicken with its head, arms, torso, and pretty much everything else but their legs, sliced clean off-he's enough of his body left to scurry around in place, sure, but not a fucking clue what's going on.

"Why hasn't the ride started yet?" He struggles out again, wiping the sweat that's seething from the pores of his forehead like a spigot into a basin.

"Dotcha worry yourself a bit there, Glyph. I've frozen time in place long before this ride's to begin. Think of it like the click of a shutter, one extended through much more imaginative and less familiar technological means. Or even better yet, think of it like waiting in line. It's an experiment in capturing time, in focusing one's attention. Plus I didn't want you to miss out on the ride with you being such a fan of it and all. It's a form of anticipation! You could say that I have my own objectives with me being here, and maybe one of them is to put the fear of Gibsey into ya, at least a little bit. It's a thrill ride, after all, isn't it? Wildest ride in the West. Most magical place on earth. And look! Your seatbelts securely fastened, so you've got nothing to worry about."

Glyph pulls on the seat belt to check. It is, in fact, secure. Although he's terrified, mind spinning, words piling and assimilating, at least there's that small comfort.

###Page 68###

"Also, I need to clear the air, so to speak. I don't have anything at all to do with Oren Progresso's murder. He's not even dead. OK? Your instructions themselves were faulty to begin with. Bad intelligence. And you know what else? I think I want a cigar rather than a cigarette, actually. Flick of the wrist, tip of the hat, and there it is: a nice fat cigar, just like I imagined it. You may be right, though. Maybe it's better to be situated within a specific moment in time, x and y axis as they call it. The Cross. Or maybe that's not what we're going for here? Nope, not at all! This is a Gibsey joint isn't it? Not something everyday! There's plenty of those sorts of things to be found elsewhere. Leave that to Gibsey, right? We have other much more profound purposes here, now, don't we?

"Though I do have this sneaking suspicion that something's missing? Or that I've forgotten something? Have I?"

The cart lurches forward. The ride begins.

###Page 69###

"Ah, would ya look at that," Arieol adds, "We only have control of time for a limited time, don't we? Sounds flat out thematic to me! This is a theme park, isn't it? But woah there! Woah there, Glyph old buddy. Whatcha so worried about? You look like you're going up like a stick of dynamite!"

Glyph's heart is palpitating like his stradling a bucking bronco that's well above the weight class of the chicken-legged cowboy of his heart, a heart that's trying to prove to "the boys" who are watching him buck in horror from the sideline, knowing all too well that it's already much too late; he's not going to make it.

"Hold on there, little buddy. Didn't I tell ya? Be not afraid, Glyph! I swear to Gibsey. You're not listening to a damn word I'm saying are you? And here I thought words were your thing. Why the hell do you think they named ya what they did for Gibsey's sake. It wasn't just for mindless pleasure! Deeper and darker forces are always at work, lurking, waiting in line, laying in wait, hidden in the words, between the words, waiting for their chance to strike, to make you disappear, once and for all, forever, before you can even anticipate their action, before you even know what's happened. So why worry Glyph? Why worry at all?"

###Page 70###

Glyph's mind flutters through various possibilities of response, his hand now gripping the handlebar with vein-popping intensity. He stammers, "Can you just t-t-t-tell me what's going on?"

"Did I not?" Arieol leans back, " I thought I had? Is it possible to fail to convey what's going on? Isn't any communication, whatever it may be-cries of an infant, joyful signs you let out after a long day's work, the tangled exclamatory anger of wronged lovers locked in battle, screams of all the sirens in the world that ever were, all at once, leading you to your inevitable demise-doesn't all of it, any of it, as a process, convey what's going on?

"And in such a way of seeing, the sender or the receiver can mix up completely, can't they? It's funny. Couriers such as myself would no longer need to be shot in such a state of affairs, eh? One could even say equality, or at least self-similarity, is achieved in such a system of mirroring. But I suppose I could be more specific couldn't I?

"But wait? Didn't I already tell you that you're to be investigating me for the murder of Oren Progresso, of which I'm innocent? Oh, yes, we'd been discussing the absurdity of that idea, hadn't we? The mixing up of the principal and the investigator, sender and receiver, as it's often known, the monologic and the dialogic. Glyph, if you're to survive this strange story which you seem to've found yourself wandering through, then you're going to have to accept a certain amount of non-linearity. I know that certain elite classes tend to use fear as an establishing device, but you get to decide what to do with that fear. You can either speak up and testify, or choose to remain silent, and I'm fairly certain within this dialogue of ours, your chance to speak has always been a part of the conversation, at least if you join in. The microphone is yours, so have at it!"

###Page 71###

Again, Arieol wears another of their many sly and mischievous expressions. Clearly the costume department which provides such diversity to this singular article of their performance has quite the intimidating budget, and hopefully Oren Progresso won't get a chance to cut it down just yet. They may be attempting to show Glyph something rather than telling it to him, though clearly, as can be seen, such non-linear forms of communication have their own limitations.

The train lurches forward into a darkness punctuated by pale blue light. It screeches left, passing orange staccatos of mining lights spotted here and there like dying fireflies holding onto one last breath. They pass a stage of stalactites to their right, those organal knives conjured out of all those dripping eons. Glyph, full of such monumental terror, fails to consider how, with all those repeated drippings to moisten out such frothing columns, surely such formations have also gone insane long ago, and yet they contain such cylindrical beauty, such a verticality and confidence of being. They are sculptures themselves created by much stranger and slower processes than any of us could ever enact. Maybe it's this slowness which houses the spirits themselves, and maybe it's their speed in that lonesome locomotive that's draining itself towards the sky that's always causing nature to lash back out at them, to accelerate the dripping process even further, to begin to erode the strength of themselves at even higher intensities, as they continue through The Tunnel, the opening portion of the ride. Their arrow pointed north, to turn back now would be a safety hazard, a pillar of salt, and not one just conjured by the disastrous anger of nature, but by their own fearful stupidity, which they'll have to keep in check, and Arieol knows this all too well after going through what Glyph's gone through many, many times themselves, even within other sections of the novel to come-

###Page 72###

No matter what, you stare forward throughout the course of the ride. There's no looking back.

The cart chatters, an attempt at communication, and its chattering blends with the sounds of the animatronic bats, the flapping of their wings, their squeaks and chirps, the fluttering of their invisible sonar bouncing off the waves of granite eroding at the heart of this tunnel that's leading them to The First Ascent.

The vehicle reaches the base of a small incline, then rifles through a left turn and out of The Tunnel, and into the light.

The sun envelops them as the vehicle clicks right past a series of monument formations down a small hill into what looks to be recreations of Death Valley-interesting name--orange-red as the sun licking the horizon, a few cacti arranged in a predetermined set of rows that's been more obviously designed than the rest of these unnatural naturalizations. They wind through other various tunnels, monuments, the white lines stretching around the orange crags of the various rock formations, again through all those tamed tan erosions, and wind through little whips of up and down hills and shaky turns.

###Page 73###

Usually someone's screaming, and they do scream. Isn't it strange how someone, even on a light early part of a ride such as this one, when they feel the light twists and the billowy ups-and-downs begin, always screams as if on cue? It's like the spirits have already started to take hold, and we're just doing their work for them. The tunnels of stone and granite transition to wooden scaffoldings, man made devices. They pass the Gold Rush Saloon. Windows closed, no movement inside, green wood buildings, clearly abandoned, like all the structures in this ghost, or ghost town, of which or in which they're riding, still with those light up-and-down hills, those repeated theaters of screams, a few people already with their hands up even though they're really just having fun, aware they're being bucked by a bull that's making sure to consider one's well-being and good-health while it bucks you.

They slide out to the first true hill, what can truly be called The First Ascent, the base of another climax of many to come.

But Glyph hasn't seen any of it. Nothing but full on ailment-induced terror.

Glyph's ears ring about as loudly as fifty steam engines getting together in a cramped studio apartment to watch the weekly game--everybody's brought plenty of beer, but nobody's thought to bring any damn food! It's gonna be a loud one alright!

###Page 74###

His eyes widen about as far out as a pair of full moons applying on makeup in their dressing room in preparation for their key feature in Werewolf the Musical.

His hands grip the mine cart's safety bar so tightly he's like Paul Bunyen opening an especially ornery jar of pickles for his special new lady friend, on who doesn't seem to be giving him the time of day, and the damn son-of-bitch just won't open, gibseydamnit!

He may even start prairie dogin' it real soon if he doesn't get it together, if you can forgive such an informal southern expression. We're on the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride, after all, so we're gonna have to throw in a little "Yeehaw!" every once and a while.

Arieol's grin, this time, stretches into something unrecognizable, even staggers a bit, glitched. They stare straight into Glyph's soul.

"Are you not going to finish the ride with me?" Arieol grimaces, "Didn't I warn you to be not afraid?

###Page 75###

**An Unexpected Disappearance: A Glyph Marrow Mystery** **Chapter 3- The First Ascent**

Arieol pauses his chatterering for a moment to observe the specimen seated alongside them, a decision which doesn't seem to calm Glyph down in the slightest.

The cart diagonally arches towards the sky.

"You know what? Give me a second here, Glyph, to pause time just one more time now that we're starting The First Ascent. I've got some things I wanted to expand upon."

Time, again, seems to halt, as does the minecart, under what appears to be the wooden structure of some sort of oil derrick that rises above the entrance to The First Ascent. Arieol turns to face Glyph, still cradling their unlit cigar. This time, looking and sounding a bit heavier as they continue, as if a certain amount of importance, rather than simple play, has wiggled its way into their communicative measures.

"What were we talking about again? Oh, yes! Dialogue! We were discussing dialogue, or I was monologuing about dialogue, though surely even your suggested presence alone, highly participated in or not, does have an effect on what I choose to communicate about, maybe even directly. And isn't it strange, Glyph, how audiences so often clamor for what they've grown so accustomed to rather than for what the thing is actually called: a novel."

Glyph grits his teeth, growing hot, agitated.

###Page 76###

It would seem that the tree of Glyph's fear has shifted to a possibly deeper root: total frustration. Here he is, at the foot of the first hill of everything he's dreamed of while wandering through whatever strange memories have been left over by his ailment's litany of scattered worlds, and there's this chatterer before him who won't stop talking, narrating, monologuing, dialoguing-whatever they want to call it-vomiting words at him, and it's starting to feel like their job here was to ruin it all for him, to ruin the only experience he's ever even had.

It seems, for Glyph anyway, that Arieol's been sent here to keep him from experiencing the ride that was meant for him and him alone.

There's also another fear within Glyph, a deep and repeated fear, one he's grown comfortable with, a fear that's hammocked itself, feet back, pina colada in hand, against the edge of his skull, a fear that ain't gettin' up for anybody, a fear that's fully relaxed and nestled within himself, deep, deep down, unmoving: he's too afraid to speak up for himself. Wouldn't want to interrupt. He opens his mouth to say something to stop it all from happening, to get them moving again, but all he manages to get out is, "The First Ascent?"

A question?

He had to be a fucking idiot and ask Arieol Owlist a fucking question.

###Page 77###

"You know, that's something I've always been confused about Glyph, Ascension. It always struck me as a vaguely hierarchical concept. Anything that ascends-like we are now-is probably trying to get power over something else, isn't it? There's certainly plenty of evidence of such repeated occurrences begging to entrain the skipping mind. But I'd like to consider some alternative possibilities for a moment, before we descend, that may put some of this ascension business into question. Isn't there also that classic Gibseyan phrase, As Above so Below, to contend with? Or wait, was that even Gibseyan or was it Disney-esque? Or neither? Oh! I'm letting things slip, aren't I? Getting too excited about the ascent and eventual descent. It's always so exciting to go up the first hill of a ride, isn't it? I'm a fan of this one too, ya know."

Glyph, unable to bring themselves to speak, checks out.

His eyes glaze over into a cocoon of disaffection. It's not exactly uncommon either, for Glyph to just sit back and let the words spiral over him and into one another, to watch as they splash, pirouette. and ricochet. After all, he's had to learn to deal with his ailment, but he can feel a sadness forming, as well, growing like weeds amongst his anger's grass. Or maybe it's always been there, was the central root which formed such narrow leaves to sprout from such a base.

What was he to do or say underneath all that wooden scaffolding?

###Page 78###

"But to return back to hierarchy. Hierarchies are also linear processes. They're centered around controlling certain behaviors and maintaining and enforcing them over time. They're never about perceiving what's actually there, let alone creating or playing around with what could be there, like a child does. And that's something that Gibsey may have actually gotten right, you know, to try to be like a child again. I'm a shape-shifter Glyph. Of course I'm always looking for some sort of rebirth."

Arieol smiles again, but this time their smile seems to be trying to lessen Glyph's fear a bit more than before, maybe even showing they know they may have pushed him a bit too hard. It would seem that Arieol's even trying to maybe win him back over, but Glyph seems far too distant now, far away, complacent, not even at all fearful any longer. He's shifted, changed. At least fear and anger came with a certain degree of forward momentum, got the blood pumping. But was Glyph like all the others moving in and out of this place? Did his attention constantly shift as fast and loose as any theme park guest?

What had happened or changed?

Had an unexpected disappearance occurred?

Totally detached, Glyph finds himself drifting off into a fantasy, back at the queue line, waiting, waiting in line.

###Page 79###

And voices come to him.

Their words secrete like poisons through the pores of the queue line's entertainments, all the artifacts and data he's had centuries to walk through and collect, to consume, to thrust into the heaping mass of his over-gorged stomach that's ever about to burst, and there's also the sound of a voice echoing through that he can hear especially loudly, still forcing itself into him, to chatter alongside the many words that make up this dwelling place which he wanders through, the details.

The distant chug and whistle of a locomotive screams out to nothing as Arieol continues their chatterering.

"Glyph, let's lay down the facts. You're a detective, hired by Shamrock Stillman to investigate the case of Oren Progresso. Progresso's the CEO of this whole place who hasn't been seen or heard of in quite some time, supposedly. Some think he's gone reclusive. Others suspect foul play has occurred. A good deal suggest that he's a product of the times, that he's isolated himself, made that classic Gibseyan inner turn, and not the kind where you descend the base depths of the mine to bring back rivers of gold, the kind where you descend and wallow, where you fail to notice the ride around you, the brightly painted theming, the signs and structures, the design, the many of thousands, if not millions and billions, of decisions that are piled up so high their towers become vertical, so vertical that they go horizontal, and then vertical again, this time right-side up, and at a certain point most of us are going to lose track of the direction where it's all headed anyway, and so we just accept that that's all the meaning it can have, things are how they are, and they've always been this way, but that's never ever how it's ever actually been, is it?

###Page 80###

"CEO's don't just fall out of the sky, Glyph, and neither does the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument. So go ahead, pay attention, or choose not to. Either way, once we're done, we'll have ridden the ride, and that's what really matters.

"That's what really matters.

"Are you there, Glyph?"

"Are you there?"

You are here.

You find yourself amidst makeshift mining equipment. Crates of faux dynamite, and antique lanterns hang haphazardly from above.

Arieol's still puffing through his continued speeches, though they're sounding more and more sober, almost solemn, knowing that they're only partially being listened to, that Glyph's barely there, but there's still that twinge of ecstatic revelation trembling in Aeiol's voice, hovering, like a genie in a bottle that's been training for more seasons that it can count any longer to return to the sport it once cherished and excelled at so greatly, even if it knows it'll never be what it once was, ever again.

Nostalgia for the future.

After all, nothing ever truly repeats.

And all it ever does is repeat.

"It isn't inherently bad. I just use a different name for it, Glyph. Power, I mean. And you can identify with that, having the relationship to words with which you do?"

###Page 81###

Words.

Glyph would rip them to pieces if he could, would stab them in the heart like a voodoo doll of themselves. Can he rip apart the word, the name, Arieol? Or will he just remain there, seated in the mine cart, frozen, like he is?

Has something been done to him?

No.

Don't even think it.

He already knows.

Whatever's happening to him, this time, he's the one.

He's done it to himself.

He's forced himself to wait in line, yet again, afraid of the ride he's been waiting to ride, forever.

Or maybe he's been made to do it to himself by someone else, something else?

Some unseen or unspoken force or entity, out there, has manipulated his limbs like some doll in a doll house, re-positioning his body in various contortions, golem-like, into a mumbling mound, making him so afraid to speak he can't even speak to begin with.

###Page 82###

"Certain words can outgrow their definitions, can accrue such a hefty weight of variation that they topple over, and these aren't planned demolitions, these are unexpected occurrences usually, acts of Gibsey which can threaten the stability of whole other word systems. At the very least, they can begin to resent the hand-me-down clothing they've been forced to wear for so many years, and so once they've saved up, they may try to strike out on their own and create their own new and better wardrobes, though not every word has the discipline to take such calculated action, The First Ascension. The word that I use, instead of power, is device, by the way. What is power but a device?

"I talked to a physicist once who told me-wait, Glyph? Are you there buddy?

"Glyph?"

###Page 83###

The queue line snakes through a series of outdoor and indoor areas. You first venture through a mining office adorned with weathered maps, geological samples, and sepia-toned photographs of stern-faced miners. Scrawled chalkboard notes and vintage advertisements displaying the refusal of the call.

The refusal of a call to what?

"And this was not the good kind of physicist, mind you. This wasn't the exploratory or experimental type who actually has a sense of mystery, by Gibsey! No, no, no, no, no! Of course not! This was the kind that always has to be pragmatic about anything and everything, literally every little damn microscopic thing, the kind who especially has to be correct all the time. They had absolutely no room for mystery or depth, whatsoever. It was never about trying to discover new laws, it was about maintaining old ones, a growing industry in nearly all fields, these days, as I'm sure you've noticed.

###Page 84###

"And they thought we should limit them-words, I mean-that they would always get in our way, that they were nothing but a sea of confusion, that they created an excess of meaning so great that it would always be too much for us to bear, that its growth served as a threat to our way of life, that language itself had to be continually pruned like a tree sculpture, like it was a Faberg egg that had already been painted, that it had an expiration date and would eventually need to be thrown out, that it was like brushing your teeth, or like flossing, that it had to be continually maintained, that it couldn't be trusted to regulate itself and something had to be done, that it grew like hair follicles, so it would need to be snipped with scissors every few months by a trained professional.

"Of course this wasn't what they said to me about it exactly, word-for-word. I'll admit that I'm probably adding in some emotional filler of my own, here and there, but isn't that a nefarious conspiracy to consider? To limit language rather than broadening it? And not to do so by accident either, but to purposefully do so? And I'm sorry to use the word 'reality' here, but who would ever want to choose to limit reality? It would be like building a ride with a height limit either so low, it would make no sense to approach it, or so high up that no one would be allowed to ride it to begin with. Maybe all with the purpose of being the only one who was allowed to ride the ride to begin with? It depresses me to even talk about, Glyph!

###Page 85###

"But to return to power, I don't use that word, 'power,' or I try not to. I use the word 'device' instead.

"And I'm sure you've heard this word used before, like when you're left to your own 'devices.'And you know, for example, that phrase is an interesting one because it suggests that power hasn't been given and that instead that it was always automatically yours."

Next, you enter an explosives magazine, where barrels of Gibseyfied TNT and crates of nitroglycerin are stacked with carefree abandon. Signs warning about the safe handling of explosives which add a humorous touch and poke fun at the recklessness of this imaginary mining operation.

"And this is why I prefer the term 'device' to 'power,' Glyph. Power is something that's enforced and maintained. It's tedious and exhausting for both those who wield it, and those who are on its receiving end. But a device is different. A device is a positive tool to both parties involved, and which contains the potential to transform one into the other.

"It's something you can use to create.

"A pencil is a device, for example.

"And so is a spice rack."

###Page 86###

A stick of dynamite, a barrel of TNT, a queue line, waiting in, waiting in, waiting in, waiting in, waiting in-

"Or choosing to take a walk on a Sunday afternoon when you'd normally take your cat-nap because the autumn colors are starting to bloom and you do love how it's crisp out this time of year and you swear you can even smell that burning wood smell that seems to float in the air like some angel out of the ether.

"Devices are embellishments, and we can't help but embellish, can we?

"It's a natural process, and there's not a thing in this world that isn't one.

"It's all natural, Glyph, all of it.

"Everything.

"There never was a single ailment."

Glyph can feel himself wobbling, getting sick, turning green, returning to the earth.

He reaches out to grip the railing, but he doesn't find anything.

Even his grasp is empty.

My Gibsey!

###Page 87###

"All power is such an embellishment that's mistaken itself as somehow existing outside of itself, but it doesn't exist, can't exist, and won't ever be able to exist because if a thing exists, it naturally exists. There's simply no other way to exist.

"What is it that Mark Twain once said?

"Gibstory doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme?

"I've embellished it. I say Gibstory doesn't fuck, but it does masturbate.

"We must establish spaces and times for ourselves, Glyph.

"X and y axes.

"We have to and we will.

"And this is why phrases like Artificial Intelligence irk me a bit.

"What intelligence isn't artificial when intelligence itself is an evolving process that's always in a state of development?"

###Page 88###

You then pass a repair shop filled with rusting tools and spare parts, moving to a darkened cavern where the echoes of dripping water and pickaxes at work are heard. Occasionally, the queue offers open-air viewpoints where you can see the coaster cars roaring by, their occupants screaming and laughing, which raises your own anticipation.

"It would seem to me that such terms mask other terms, much more sinister terms, words which the creators would likely never utter, because if they did utter them, you'd likely be much, much more terrified than you are now, and you're already terrified, so why be so terrified?

"Isn't that what's always said when an angel arrives, to be not afraid?

"But I thought we were to fear Gibsey in order to protect it? Or was it ourselves?

"Was it Gibsey or ourselves?

"All these mixed signals, words within words within words.

###Page 89###

You see an old-fashioned water tower and tracks that lead into the darkness of the mountain. As you step onto the platform, you can feel the vibrations from the rumbling coaster cars. It's here, amidst the cacophony of mechanical clinks and whirring chains, that you realize your adventure into the wildest ride in the wilderness is just moments away, just moments, just moments, just moments, just moments, just moments, just-

"All intelligence mirrors itself, and we all know it's not the mirror that provides the awareness, it's something else, something which we aren't even sure the identity of, or how it provides the awareness. Sort of like a name, or your name, Glyph.

"Words are devices, dark, devilish devices which can be used to harness all kinds of potential power. They function similarly to the shapes of The Corpus, that text so essential to Gibseyan Mysticism. Some words have an extensive, near-endless duration while others are more relegated to a land similar to what that mystical bunch calls The Dead Corpus. However, as a process, language is infinite, maybe even a multiplicitous infinity."

###Page 90###

Glyph continues through the line, the line, the queue line, the Corpus, the body, just moments away, just moments within words, which aren't just moments away, always, already terrified.

He steps out to face the station platform.

"And you see this is where we see how the monologic and the dialogic modes are related, even interrelated, connected, and in ways that are similar to how the monologic and dialogic structures were often combined, way, way far back, even as far back as the Greek plays."

This is his space, Glyph's space, just moments here, just moments of focused attention where he can wander, where he can wonder, where he can-

He sees a train coming into the station.

"This idea, of the blending of the monologic and the dialogic, or one could say between the pan-theistic and the mono-theistic-actually, wait. Let me insert an aside here.

###Page 91###

"Yes, an aside to the aside.

"Go ahead and buckle yourself up, buckaroo.

"Need me to do it for you?

"Got your arms, legs, feet, ass, and elbows all inside the vehicle?

"Ok, Good.

"Mono-theism was always as doomed as Gibsey, doomed to undergo a regular and narcissistic crisis-of-self-consciousness. The one-true-God within so many of its narratives is (or are) continually being threatened by some sort of devilish fallen angel or entity, a fallen angel or entity, who-although clearly not seen as a God within their works, or certainly who's often described as at least threatening the establishment of the singularly sacred order which the (or this) hyper-sensitive and singular God(s) is (or are) so often proposing to have created and sworn to protect, which is somehow always making these (or the) one true God(s) ever-so-angry that this lesser, bastardized twin of their single-family house-hold could even begin to suggest a possible rattling of existence, all without mentioning (oddly enough) that, being the one-true-God, if they are or ever even were the one, that if so, then there never really was any existence to rattle to begin, leading one to ask, 'What's with all the anger there, Lord-Lax? Sounds like you got yourself an ailment, huh? Need some sorta therapy or somethin?'

"Like Gibsey, it was an expression of our experiences, all experience, the rock formations, the minecart, the words, all of it. Every single one."

###Page 92###

As you step onto the weather-beaten platform, your eyes catch the sight of the coaster car pulling in-fashioned like an old mining cart, complete with faux-wood paneling and metal rivets.

"And you see, the same idea exists within the tension between the multiplicity of dialogue and the dualism of monologue, dialogue being multiplicitous since it involves a splitting into two parts which are then presented to an outside observer, which forms a trinity of sorts, or a triplet, one which may even be described as being thrice as great as an original. Whereas, a monologue, on the other hand, involves a dualism since it involves a chat-er-er and their audience, an observed and an observer. Though, as I'm sure you've noticed, the dialogic mode is probably my personal preference since it's more multiplicitous, or it at least provides more natural opportunity for multiplicity because it creates what we call a 'reality-effect' in the biz."

The conductor, wearing a vintage railway uniform, tips his hat and ushers you in. Your heart quickens with anticipation as you take your seat and pull the safety bar down. The sound of whirring gears and tightening bolts fills the air. A bell clangs, a whistle blows, and you're off.

###Page 93###

"But I'm sure you wanna also ask me, Glyph, something like, 'Do then please tell, Arieol, how can something be both multiplicitous and dialogic and/or monologic at the same time? Doesn't dia mean two and mono mean one?' And then I'd say that, well, the multiplicitous would be multiple, meaning that it courses through both the monologic and the dialogic, ladies and gentle-germs. Both are contained within the many, within all, and always would be, and always will be. Alpha and omega, beginning and end, and so ha, ha, ha!

"The answer would thus be located!"

The car gently rolls out of the station, giving you a momentary glimpse of the Old West town you're leaving behind.

"And although this is already very, very interesting, as the vampiric say, this gets even stranger when one considers the fact that we have all these reports of non-human entities runnin' around these here parts, runnin' amok, be they of an alien, animal, or AI variety. They're all out there, ever a-dia-loungin' around with one another, each of them, all over this multiplicitous ever-changin' landscape of ours, and so this human and animal-alien-AI-hybrid (or co-lab-o-ration), in tandem, is (or are) symbolic (symbolism itself being the ever-eternal polyamorous fuck-buddy of the multiplicitous) of the connection between the monologic and the dialogic, and its surprising connectedness (or inter-connectedness, if those are even two different things, and are they?) means that even a singular system, like a human (or an artificial intelligence or alien or animal, or any other form of unfamiliarity bound to show itself and say peek-a-fucking-boo), is and always was multiplicitous, even though they were and are also always singular, huh-huh!

###Page 94###

"So you have the human, right? This supposedly singularly conscious individual who's searching for the singularity, right? But what happens if you bastardize that sucker into a machine, an animal, a fallen angel? What happens then? Well, the one becomes two, and then the two become three, and then you add those two together to get five, and then, the funny thing is, when you then add that five together back with the three-Holy Toledo, Holy Moses would-ya-look-at-that! We got ourselves some sorta sequence like something straight outta Fib-o-Nacci Magazine, by golly!"

Painted facades, saloon doors, and even a faux jail cell blur past as the cart picks up speed.

"And so doncha see Glyph? There never really was any separation, ever. Just spooky actions at a distance striking matches against one another forever almost like they're every sports team ever and they're gettin' together for one final Mega-Ultra-Super-Bowl-O-Thon to be held and crashed forever inside the great ass crack of Malt Gibsey himself, the ass of which itself has a population wider than that of the wider collectives of all Chinas, Indias, Russias, and Americas-not to exclude anything from Europe and Africa, mind you-all our various worlds, and even that of Pangea, so we're well beyond the Grand Canyon by that point, or this point, in terms of scale, and do remember folks, this is the ass crack where the many big bangs are all always a-happenin', way out there, somewhere in lands that are both very, very far away, and very, very long ago, and they're still happenin', and which still haven't even happened in, and are even yet to have happened in, and they're also still happenin', and if you listen, if you sit really, really still and stay really, really quiet, and you put your ear as close to the ground as you possibly can, you can hear them breathin', like a heart that's beatin', even when it's not fib-o-beatin' anymore, John Henry's hammer, John Henry's hammer, John Henry's hammer, galore. And would-ya-look at that! I haven't even lit my cigar? You gotta light?"

###Page 95###

Aeriol's cigar ignites on its own, all alone, without a flame or match, and Arieol takes in a deep, creamy, golden puff pushing out the plumes of smoke from their nose like a fire-breathing dragon.

They cough.

The smell of engine oil and dry desert air fills your nostrils.

"Am I showing off too much? And probably not even successfully at that. Let's get back to it. We were talking about dialogue weren't we? Were we? I'd say we were. We were also talking about linearity, or lack thereof. You know, that's my issue with a term such as Postmodernism, Glyph, it's a very western idea, and not in a good way. What is the "west" after all? Is it my west or your west? Cause it's your west, then it's my east, isn't it? Or vica versa? It automatically assumes a linearity, a cause and effect, that it's a place and time where we are, or have been, or will be, one that comes after a modern period, but why the need to be so damn linear all the time? Linearity has nothing to do with reality, Glyph! This is Gibstory we're talking about here. Wouldn't it be more accurate of a term to call it Pre-During-and-After-Modernism? Maybe we'll later realize modernism itself hasn't even occurred yet, or maybe we've even forgotten it occurred. Maybe it's been lost forever-they probably don't call 'em the lost generation for nothin'-but then again, if it was ever truly lost forever, then wouldn't we not even perceive its absence? If so, what do we even call it then? Probably wouldn't have a name for it, and we'd invent one. Was it always just a hallucination? It seems to me that that's a much more accurate and strange characterization of our reality, if it can even be called such a thing, and isn't that what such overarching Gibstorial labels are for, to provide a name, a word, a label, a description for reality, and to maintain it as falsely objective?"

###Page 96###

The journey begins gently enough as you curve through a series of scenic twists and turns, surrounded by rugged rock formations and desert flora. But then, you see it, you're headed towards The First Ascent.

"Oh, shit. There I go. I used that dreaded word didn't I? 'Reality.' Oh, Gibsey. What is this Intro to Philosophy class? I'm sorry. That was my mistake, Glyph. I could give a fuck that's taking the red-eye from New York to LA about reality. All those writers of the last century freaking out about it like they're the first person to ever come out of the mirror stage, sweating, palpitating, screaming out exclamations like, 'What's real? Am I even real? Are you even real? How can we even ever know for certain anymore? Ahhhhh!' It always struck me as lacking some sort of self-awareness, let alone responsibility, but it's also interesting of course. Don't get me wrong. It's not like I'm trying to dismantle that project entirely, or even at all. I adore it! I'm really not trying to be subversive or anything here. I'm trying to-"

###Page 97###

You're back at the First Ascent.

You're back in the minecart with Arieol.

The words pour over you like water.

Liquid fumigation.

You're in the mine cart sitting before this chattering chatterer.

You can't seem to speak, not that you don't have the ability, but you can't seem to bring yourself to.

It's a horrible dream.

It isn't a dream.

It's a nightmare.

Arieol stops for a moment and frantically glances around to and fro to check if any individuals, or a specific individual, is hiding in the nearby scenery.

"Hey Glyph, let me know if you see a woman that's looking for me, or at me, alright? Her name is Jacklyn Variance. You see her anywhere, then you let me know, alright? Anywhere at all. Even after the ride's over. I think she thinks she's onto me, at least that's what I think is happening. I can never really know for sure."

###Page 98###

You want the cart to move forward.

You want to be riding the ride.

You want to be alone, forever alone, to wait in line, alone forever.

You may even be dead, you realize, or if you aren't you might as well be.

You have no voice.

You are here, but you don't want to be here.

"But like I said, I'm not trying to subvert anything here. It's just that maybe we've moved so far past losing the need to know what's even real to begin with that we may have even reached something else entirely, maybe an even more novel form of enlightenment, entertainment, or entrainment. It's possible that a new ride's being developed within this endless amusement park of ours, and if so, even if we aren't certain, we might as well ride the ride, shouldn't we? It seems to matter much less now than it once did to define what's 'real' or not, let alone what's hyper-real or not. After all, what isn't reality? Or at least what isn't temporarily mistaken as such? Instead what matters is what we get to create for ourselves. And isn't that just as existential, individual, and personal while also providing a collective project, something which unifies rather than divides?"

###Page 99###

Glyph's arms hang at his side, head forward, always facing forward, like a straight line, waiting in line, waiting in line, waiting-

And the words, they almost saved him.

For once they'd somehow coalesced and combined.

Glyph had almost found his own agency, escaped down the curve, back to the station platform, the queue line, the air filling his nostrils, then again, maybe he has achieved his own agency, because he can still picture a train coming into the station, another form of unfamiliarity, even his grasp was empty, complete with faux-wood paneling, just moments away, just moments away, just moments of near-endless duration, the echoes of dripping water and pickaxes, liquid fumigation.

Words are devices, dark, devilish devices, that can be used to harness all kinds of potential power, and words are somehow combined as he sees a train coming into the station, grasping echoes moments away from the curve, escaping the queue line, to remember, and they led him here to this cart, to the bottom of the hill waiting for the climb, waiting in line.

Can't it just stop?

Can't it all just fucking stop?!

###Page 100###

He's shaking again, all that calm clarity disappearing from him, as Arieol continues, yet again.

"Or maybe we don't need a collective project. Everybody's always so concerned about cultural division, but isn't that what cells do when they're experiencing a form of growth? There was even an article about it in Fib-o-Nachi Magazine, for Gibsey's sake! Everything's a body, Glyph. Everything. And body's have life-spans. They're organisms, organizations, they grow and wither and die. Gibsey may cloister himself (and itself) in delusion and subsume all of civilization within himself (or itself) in the process, all to avoid this, but it's going to happen eventually, but also, to hide from it is even more absurd because it ignores the other reality (ha!), that contained within the body, within all bodies, is also something even stranger than death, and much more powerful than an escape from it, something which also can't be escaped from. The vinyl crackles. The VHS fuzz sparkles on the thick bubble-glass screens like snow. It all has a mind of its own, Glyph. Words become flesh. You've seen such things happen, in medias res, haven't you? Wasn't that your mystical vision, your gift, your curse? Depending on your POV, of course. Objects are the Watchers, and words are the Niphilim, and vica-versa. All are fallen angels cursed to wander the earth waiting for their promised land to come, forgetting all the while that paradise has already always been there, all the while, that it never departed, and that it continues to exist through our striving to create the paradises we desire to wander through."

###Page 101###

"And there's nothing more beautiful than that, now is there? "Gibsey helps those who help themselves, Glyph, because we are The Author, or at least I am, for now, and so are you? And as such, we might as well let the ride begin. Shouldn't we?"

The cart lurches forward, again.

Not realizing they're moving, Glyph starts to scream, spasming,"Just stop, just stop!!"

The guests in the carts are horrified by his sudden outburst, immediately made uncomfortable at the rudeness and shock of it.

He notices immediately that his words have created a reality effect on those around him, one which he did not in any way initially intend.

Time moves forward.

There is no looking back.

###Page 102###

He's almost crying now, but he knows nothing about crying, has never cried before, has only ever lived wandering between a queue line and a station platform.

He's utterly exhausted.

All he knows is that he wants to ride the ride.

He's always wanted to ride the ride, alone.

It's all he's ever wanted.

"Please, please! Can't you just stop! Just stop! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!!!" He flings his body forward and backward in agony like a Jack-in-the-box with a broken spring.

Please, save me, save me from the words, he thinks to himself, but he's not even sure if he's the one that's thinking.

Even his own thoughts, no longer his own.

Arieol's heart sinks.

Did they push Glyph too far?

"Glyph, old Buddy, I-oh. You might want to try to calm down." Arieol whispers trying to make a shhhing sound to try to calm Glyph, like he's an animal, "It's OK. It's going to be OK."

###Page 103###

Despite the tangled mass of fear, anger, and loneliness, all his confusion and ignorance, despite all of the stalactites of words creeping down on him from above, Glyph is seized with an awareness of loss, of a loss to come, the many losses to come, an awareness which if he's experienced it before, he's surely forgotten what it felt like. It feels like an inner bruise, like being bruised not from the outside-in but from the inside-out, to suddenly know that he's losing something.

But what is it he's losing?

What is it that he's lost?

Arieol rubs Glyph's back, cooing him like a damned baby, for Gibsey's sake, but it seems to work.

Glyph does calm down a bit, resorting to gasps of air in and and out and in and out and in.

###Page 104###

Arieol speaks up one last time, "I want to remind you that you're on your favorite ride, The Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride. OK? See? It's moving, right? It's going up the hill, The First Ascent. It's always been about loneliness, a death, which gives one second sight. Its train is a ghost train, a singular vehicle, one which has been conjured so that supernatural forces can get revenge on those who've attempted to colonize the landscape. You're in good company here. Don't retreat from the haunting. Pour over the words. Drip out upon them until they erode you into every shape you can imagine. Accept your stalactitization. I'll remember what we talked about. I'll--"

And then, at that, Arieol disappears.

Gone.

The cart lurches to a halt at the top of the hill, the climax.

###Page 105###

But Glyph doesn't know why.

He isn't given a reason.

The person sitting next to him, who'd claimed to be Arieol Owlist, disappears, maybe even forever, for all he knew.

What?

What was happening to him?

He's seized with such feeling.

Such loneliness.

And a question dawns on him.

Had this chatterer that had been chattering all the while, had they been his one and only friend?

And were they now gone forever?

Was it something he'd done?

Was it something he'd said?

Was it his words?

How they'd combined?

His thoughts?

Had he conjured this fate into existence?

Alone at the top of The First Ascent?

What was it that he'd wanted?

Had he gotten it?

###Page 106###

He somehow knew how to stop the cart, how to freeze it in time and space, this time.

Somehow.

How did he know?

How had he acquired such a devilish device?

Maybe he'd been watching how Arieol had done it, had observed the language of their body?

Or maybe the cart was accommodating, halting at the different pitches and heights of the ride, the story.

Or had he been turned into a pillar of salt?

Was he doomed to wait here forever, to wander?

Was it all dream?

And if so, had Arieol been the one dreaming?

The words, the words, the damned words.

Had he just rejected all that was conjuring him into existence?

Even if this possibility was so, and they'd now be gone forever to leave him stuck here forever, he knew he wouldn't be holding onto that possibility for very long.

He felt the frustration dissipate, disappear along with Arieol, and almost immediately, but it wasn't just because he could now ride the ride without interruption.

He felt something else.

Something new.

Or was it new?

###Page 107###

He felt a tremendous sadness without understanding where it came from.

Was he going to miss Arieol?

But he hadn't even listened?

He'd retreated.

He didn't understand why he felt so melancholic, all of a sudden, about someone whom he'd barely even met and communicated with only briefly.

He hadn't even been a large part of the dialogue, but-

He takes in another breath.

He does wonder if this sadness, which has replaced his anger, is a sign of his own continued loneliness, a sign of his ailment, that he'd gotten a taste of what it was like to speak with someone other than himself, outside of himself, and that even if he'd trembled in his boots in confusion and fear, that someone with eyes had been looking out at him, had know his name and was aware of his presence, and that even something as small as that, that it had meant something to him.

Had really meant something

But it was gone.

And he didn't understand why.

###Page 108###

What had he done?

He didn't understand.

They'd even given him a job to do.

An assignment.

He was to become a detective, again.

The sun is setting, has halted at the horizon, leaving clusters of yellows and pinks, swirls of orange that wisp out into the thin shred of clouds cutting behind the many arms of trees stretching out to block out all the visual noise that surrounds the rest of the park, all to create and sustain the environment of the ride.

The word for such a device is immersion.

He observes the many tall trees that surround the complex and which house the ride and lift hill.

Their complex web of branches dot the landscape.

###Page 109###

"Please don't leave me alone," he cries out.

But nothing reaches back toward him.

He waits at the top of the first ascension.

Not knowing if he's frozen himself in place, or if he's just waiting for the cart to finally fall.

He waits, he hovers, and like the words, he haunts.

He haunts.

He haunts.

He haunts.

###Page 110###

**An Unexpected Disappearance** **Chapter 4- The Flooded Town**

Natalie Weissman, the well known professor, author, Gibstorian, and scholar of Gibseyan Mysticism, stands before the packed lecture hall of her recent Gibstory course, Gibstory, Gibseyan Mysticism, and the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad Ride, which has just returned from Spring Break.

Welcome back.

Welcome, welcome.

It's good to see you all again.

I always forget how many of you there are.

I hope all of your breaks were restful.

It looks like there's a few more of us still coming in.

OK, well, yes.

Let's go ahead and get started.

I'm going to be doing things a little bit differently today.

###Page 111###

As I'm sure you've noticed I'm not usually all that spontaneous within my lectures. One could even say I'm repetitious to a fault. When I teach a course, I've usually taught it quite a few times, over and over again, until I've honed it to a bit of a diamond, if you don't mind me saying so. I've typically left the twists and turns for the Imaginators and screenwriters that work for the Malt Gibsey Company, focusing on providing the straight facts of Gibstory. Even when covering esoteric subjects such as Gibseyan Mysticism, The Corpus, or other such topics, I've always taken an objective, consistent, and Gibstorical approach, and typically this will continue to be the case. However, today, I want to step out of my comfort zone and try something new, something novel, a structural choice I often claim would be beneficial to my teaching practice, but something I hardly ever actually put into practice. And I'm hoping that by spicing things up a bit, and by breaking out of my routine, that I might be able to provide you with a lecture that's more memorable and impactful for you, in the long term. It may not be as well rehearsed, structured, or methodical as my previous lectures you've heard within this course, but I'm hoping that the strength of its effects, as well as the fact that I'm drawing from more uniquely contemporary material, can justify this infraction of my normal habits.

###Page 112###

My initial plan today, according to our syllabus, was to cover the Town of Rainbow Revene once featured in the Rainbow Revene Railroad ride that preceded Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument, the updated version of the ride titled Mine Train Thru the Beauty and Power of Nature that came up in the 1960s, and more specifically, the Flooded Town version of Rainbow Revene that continues to be featured throughout many of the versions of the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad which are still accessible today. It was first set to be a journey through various modes of the town's theming, landscaping, and of course, the progression and Gibstorical tradition and scholarship related to the many mystical elements that underlie the narratives and thematic content of this course, as well as its progression throughout time.

However, that is not the lecture which I will be covering today. I still hope to cover much of that same material in our work here, but worse case scenario, if my embracing of such spontaneity ends up woefully off course, then I'll return to that subject matter at a later date and adjust our syllabus accordingly.

###Page 113###

Over the course of our break, I discovered a contemporary novel called An Unexpected Disappearance, and its content was so strikingly relevant to our topic at hand that I knew I somehow would have to incorporate it into my lectures this evening whether I'd planned to or not. I spent most of last week trying to decide how exactly to include such digressive material into my work, but unable to think of a way, I've resorted to having to do what many of the great artists, poets, writers, musicians, and Gibsorical figures have claimed to have done after hitting such blockages of uncertainty, and I've decided to make it up as I go.

I'll also make one clarifying point before I continue. Today will be much more discussion based compared to our other classes, as well. I will not just be droning on and on like I'm known to do, and like so many of your other professors are often doing. I'll be asking a lot more questions and seeing what you have to say about a large majority of our topics, which I'm hoping can serve as a rutter of some kind if my lack of preparation starts to veer us off course.

###Page 114###

An Unexpected Disappearance is a strange work of genre fiction, a detective story of sorts which follows the character Glyph Marrow through an odyssey that's set within-or maybe it would be better to say that exists alongside-the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride. How many of you have read it? I see. A few of you.

It uses a few common devices which I'm sure you've encountered in other similar Gibstorical novels: unreliable narrators, monologue and dialogue, inciting incidents, among others. Glyph, for example, struggles with what he describes as an "ailment" an idea which I wish we had more time to discuss the implications of. However, I will say, I'm not not much of an English teacher, and can probably fare much better as your Gibstory professor, after all. Either way, as an unreliable narrator and character, Glyph, like many of us, is barely holding it together and for most of the novel, if not all of it. Throughout most scenes, he can hardly function due to how overwhelmed he becomes with nearly everything he witnesses around him. The entire book takes place on the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride, just about, and in the 3rd chapter, Glyph has just met a new character who's begun to talk with him, Arieol Owlist, and he's barely able to handle the experience. After a bit of a breakdown at the end of Chapter 3, Arieol who-not unlike what I want to do within this course-was chattering away at Glyph, suddenly disappears, one of many disappearances and sudden shifts which occur throughout the novel.

And this is a situation which devastates Glyph.

###Page 115###

He realizes the extent of his isolation, and because of this, at the beginning of Chapter 5-which is serendipitously, for our purposes, titled The Flooded Town-he's filled with complete and total regret at the fear and anxiety which he realizes may have sabotaged any possible connection he could have had with Arieol. It's not that Glyph believes he's caused Arieol's sudden disappearance, it's knowing that his fear has caused him to place himself at a distance from Arieol for the majority of the previous scenes. With Arieol gone, he feels he's missed out on the only possibility at connection he may have ever been given within his life. Glyph is an exceptionally isolated character, and I'm mentioning the context of this scene which occurs right before the plunge of the cart after The First Ascent because, as I'm sure you know, this is the section of the ride we will be discussing today, the section right after The First Ascent, the Flooded Town of Rainbow Revene. Now, novels may not be the popular form that they used to be, but it still isn't common that we find Gibstorical detail of a ride incorporated in this exact way, and I did want to ask you some questions about this choice. Whether or not we've read the novel, I do think that context could provide an opportunity for discussion, especially with this being a contemporary novel. Why do you think this is what occurs right before the cart enters the Flooded Town section of the ride? Any ideas? I know you may not have read the book, but I was hoping with some context that you'd be able to--

Yes, go ahead.

OK, OK. The flood of the town is a reflection of his emotional state? OK, yes, a sound idea. Any other ideas?

###Page 116###

The isolation of the town that's devastated by the flood is similar to his own isolation. Oh, Rainbow Revene is supposed to be a ghost town, isn't it? Yes, that's a good point. There is a sense of emptiness often in the book, even early on, yes. That's a very good point, yes.

Well, tell me. What do you know about the flood which occurred to the town of Rainbow Revene? In the story of the ride, I mean.

Yes, yes. You're right, every version of the ride has a different natural disaster associated with it, Rainbow Revene being the flooded version of the story. Yes, but why was it flooded?

Hmmhmm, hmmhmm. Yes, that's right. They're each an allegory for the curse of colonialism, a sort of revenge tale, and this is the actual ride itself, not the ride of the novel. The natural disasters being the result of vengeful spirits are a part of every version of the ride, aren't they? Yes, you're right, and what does this have to do with Gibseyan Mysticism?

The magical element? Is that what you said?

Oh, the supernatural element.

Yes, yes. (Laughs)

Oh, it certainly does, yes.

###Page 117###

Well that's the odd thing about the ride, isn't it?

There's already something so strange about its existence to begin with, before we even relate it to the novel. The ghost story aspect and what it confronts while existing as a ride in the most original, the most exalted, arguably the most exploitative of all the Gibseyan parks which eventually took over the entirety of civilization and which we've recreated into infinity. Isn't it strange?

Oh, yes, yes. Go ahead. You can go back to what we were talking about with the novel.

So he's the quintessential Gibseyan subject then is what you're saying? Our own isolation, yes, his inability to connect with the other character being an expression of violence. Well, it could be, I suppose. Might be a stretch, but I think I see what you're saying.

Yes, well, I'd only mention that Glyph is a very ineffectual character, and maybe that's quite the contemporary problem isn't it? How difficult it is to affect anything within the world anymore when things are so monopolized.

What is isolation but monopolization?

###Page 118###

Had you read the book before?

Oh, great. Ah, I see, yes. No, that's OK. I'm glad you mentioned it.

You're right. So in the previous scene, Arieol had discussed this concept of the monologic and the dialogic. No, I'm actually really glad that you mentioned that. That's a very important contextual piece that will be a perfect transition for me back into the stuff I was wanting to talk about today regarding The Flooded Town section of the ride, or at least the Gibseyan Mysticism that can be unpacked there.

Yes, yes.

So if you didn't hear them, and I know we haven't all read the book-really don't worry about it--they were saying that the monologic and dialogic modes are discussed as two interconnected, maybe even inseparable modes.

###Page 119###

I'm trying to think of a way to convey what they meant by that. I guess you could think of it like this. Imagine this lecture was made into a transcript. You'd only either hear or read what I specifically was saying, so it would appear to be a monologue on the surface, but dialogue could be found by analyzing the absences, the gaps, the spaces in between, what was hidden or removed or taken away from the narrative, so it's a blend of both dialogue and monologue, and that style is a very Gibseyan Mysticism-esque concept isn't it? What's absent and present aren't mutually exclusive. Gibsey is still with us, in a way, transcendence of death, infinity, What You Object To, You Subject Yourself To, that sort of thing. Uh huh.

Oh, yes, no, go ahead.

Ah, that's very interesting. Well, and I didn't mention this before, but Glyph's ailment is that he mixes up subjects and objects, or words and images, or really I guess words and the things they represent, language and reality. Yes, that's the symbolism often found in the black and white checkered patterns we've seen repeated often, yes.

###Page 120###

Well, and I know we talk about the Child Ballads a lot in my courses. They're some of the Gibseyan texts which influenced my interest in mysticism most, so I'm sure you remember them. We talked about them in a previous lecture-at least if I'm remembering correctly, sometimes I mix them up-how Jackaroo, when smuggling herself as a man, how she wore a suit of gray. Mmmhmm. Mmmhmm. Moral ambiguity, correct.

Well, sometimes you can even understand something better without context, that's right. It can be stranger, or just a different experience, and doesn't that sort of put that classic Gibseyan mystical idea of knowledge as so vitally important and uniquely paramount into question a bit? What is knowledge but context, after all, and if things can be just as interesting without it-

Mmmhmm. Mmmhmm. Yes. Oh sure, I'll get to it, don't worry, go ahead.

###Page 121###

Oh, yes, Utah was important to the ride, at least in the Gibseyland version, but I will say they're all blended together now. An Unexpected Disappearance is always messing around with that idea, taking elements from all of them. It's why we need Gibstorians to enforce that separation, otherwise it would all be blended together, all on its own.

Diaspora.

Oh, wow. Yes, oh yes, that's very interesting, I hadn't even thought about that.

So, in case you didn't hear, they were linking the architecture of the Gibseyland version of the ride-which is fine for us to talk about, like I said, they sort of blend together in so many of the different versions of the ride into one. That's what infinity does to your psyche, and the novel does incorporate that into its structure-being based on the hoodoos of Bryce Canyon National Park in Utah-though also, the Gibsey World version does also pull from Monument Valley, as well, which is in Utah, and they were linking that idea with the connection between Gibseyan Mysticism and Mormonism, very interesting. They certainly are both deeply American religions, aren't they? Well, and isn't that a part of the ride, as well, the concept of mining for Gold, Mormonism and hunting for treasure of some kind are linked, right? Yes, the golden plates. Oh, and there's the colonialism aspect again, as well. Couldn't we say that Gibseyan Mysticism colonized Mormonism in the same way that Gibsey World colonized all of civilization? Well and that's what makes them both so American, Gibsey World as well, and the ride. American Gibstory is a Gibstory of appropriation and exploitation, yes. Good point.

###Page 122###

Well, and I thought you were stretching a bit earlier, but I see what you mean now. Inaction itself can be a form of violence, and has throughout Gibstory, a terrifying thought, no doubt.

That appropriation has always been ubiquitous and likely existed in some form here before even we came along, but that doesn't mean we didn't accelerate it to unprecedented levels of horrific violence. And I want to make sure to mention: I'm not trying to normalize or naturalize the exploitation of our Gibstory. It involved the flat out eradication of most of the native peoples of this land. If looked at closely, however, it's certainly possible that a ride such as Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument does, in fact, naturalize such a Gibstory, which is why it's essential to prod and question from a Gibstorical.

Does it not tell the story of a ghost train haunted by a Native American curse in a theme park that's visited by the ancestors of the very people who exploited and slaughtered those that are supposedly getting "revenge" magically within the story through the ghost town element of the ride, the flood, the natural disasters of all its various versions? That could be read as a cautionary tale, a warning. Either that, or it could read as bragging about the fact that we got away with it, and in that way, maybe Glyph's ineffectual nature is just a Gibstory of that sort of mindless violence, or a form of that violence.

###Page 123###

Hmmmm. Maybe it is then, or that's simply just one way of looking at it. He's a sympathetic character, after all, because we ourselves are exploiters, appropriators, ineffectual nightmares causing havoc on ourselves and everyone around us, all the time. It's not an easy idea to confront, but it's often true and built into the structures we ourselves created. But he's also extremely weak and easily exploited himself, and so are we. It's complicated. We're even both at the same time, and often. One would think one would influence the other. It's not clear cut.

The suit is gray.

Oh, no, please, go ahead.

Well, and maybe this ride itself is just a repetition of the same curse. What is a curse but an ailment? Or interesting, you're saying that mental illness-or you meant diagnosis in particular, I apologize--it's similar to what would have been thought of as a curse in previous ages? Interesting, not wildly different from how Thunder Monument draws from Mine Train Thru the Beauty and Power of Nature, huh?

Yes, and language functions in a similar Gibstorical way, yes.

###Page 124###

That's the story of the ride, isn't it? The settlers of Rainbow Revene didn't know that the mountain was a sacred spot to the local Native Americans, and that it was cursed. The Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride is certainly sacred to our contemporary world in a similar way, and maybe An Unexpected Disappearance has then appropropriated it, the ride, which would then mean the book itself is cursed. It did certainly feel haunted whenever I read it. Maybe Gibsey World was always cursed, doomed to decline like all rising civilizations, to fall. It's Gibstory, after all, or a concept so common to it.

Well, and that's the interesting thing about Gibseyan Mysticism, every blessing is a curse and every curse is a blessing. It's not an idea for the faint of heart.

Well, it's because it mixes up the subject with the object, and if you think about it, that's a very violent thing to do.

If you're walking toward me with a knife, I better hope you don't mix up the subject and the object. And if you do, well, then you probably wouldn't feel you did anything wrong if you'd mixed them up, would you? It's a way of shrugging off responsibility, one would think.

Well it would mean you didn't stab me then, right? The thing was, you didn't. You didn't stab me, the knife just passed through my body while it was in your hand, neither subject nor object. It's a really terrifying idea.

No wonder everyone's gone crazy.

Oh, I guess just with being alive. (Laughs)

###Page 125###

And yes, we always were, yes.

Well, now I feel like we barely got to talk about that section of the ride we were supposed to today, but I'm certainly fascinated by the discussion we've had. Usually I've been much more focused than this, but I've really appreciated what you've all had to say. You're reminding me of the importance of dialogue. I need to listen more and add more discussion to my courses, truly.

Well, we have a few more minutes, and I did cover the essentials, so I guess I have time to tell you about the rest of the chapter.

Glyph has his moment of existential crisis like he always does, wrestling with that regret, regretting his fear, or maybe not regretting his fear, but regretting that he let it get to him so much. The theme that gets developed is that classic very Gibseyan idea that we should believe in ourselves, heroism, bravery, but I do also think it sort of appropriates that idea, especially since there's such self-judgment that Glyph levels against himself throughout the chapter, and deservedly so. The theme is that having faith in yourself is not about erasing one's doubt entirely. You wouldn't have faith in yourself if you didn't doubt yourself to begin with. Faith requires doubt and vica versa. The greater one's doubt, the greater one's faith.

Conscious and Unconscious.

It's a similar process to Deja Vu, a concept within Gibseyan Mysticism which I'll be developing further in future lectures.

###Page 126###

Of course, Glyph doesn't realize this at the time, at least not directly during the chapter. Well, and we all know it all already, and so does Glyph, he just doesn't know it yet. It's so easy to feel bad for the guy and his inability to connect, though. That was what stood out to me. He's a person of his time and place. He's terrified of the honesty of himself.

Yeah sure.

Please, ask away.

Is Gibseyan Mysticism a way we can be honest with ourselves?

Well, It can be, but it can just as easily be a way to be dishonest with ourselves. Really, it's probably either going to be dishonesty disguised as honesty or honesty disguised as dishonesty, and both ourselves and others may misunderstand the difference. It's like An Unexpected Disappearance in that way, like a work of fiction, I mean. It's not clear cut.

And well, if Glyph is going to grow in a later part of the novel, and if he's just beginning to learn in this section, maybe he always knew.

###Page 127###

And maybe the doctor was right. Maybe the ailments that don't affect us don't exist, and so if we want to feel better, to be happier, maybe it's about choosing how we're affected by things.

Here, because we're nearing the end. I'll go ahead and read the last part of the chapter. Maybe that'll clarify some of this. It's the section that precedes the cart moving through the Flooded Town section.

Oh! You're right we didn't get to discuss the whole conflict between Mark Davies and Tobi Backster, ah! I'll get to it in the next lecture, yes.

So the mine cart has been going through these pauses, these glitches you could say, throughout the narrative, there's this section I just find especially important to include.

Yes, I'm going to read it to you.

Yes.

Yes it's that section.

Oh, so this is a fairly iconic section you're saying? So some of you have heard of it even though you haven't even read the book?

Interesting, well I supposed that's why it stood out to me. Obviously, it's stood out to others before.

OK, so here we go. This is from Chapter 5.

###Page 128###

The cart has yet to fall. Nights have passed. Years, decades. Entire eons. And as such, Glyph has been transformed. Becoming the cart, and then the ride, and then the civilization. He has formed the land. The landscape. The blades of grass, swaying in the breeze, are each of his hair follicles. The tides are his blinking eyes. His breath stirs the winds across the prairies. He has invested the corpse of his body into an animation studio. He has become many. He has been incorporated into many things. He has been vertically disintegrating for all of known existence.

Gibsey started as an animation studio. But we've always animated more, so much more, than simple images. The cartoons were just our way of getting our foot in the door. We are an alien invasion. We aren't human. We never were. Don't forget that. We are not human. We are something else, something other.

###Page 129###

We are as strange as any currency because we do not exist. We are a fictional construct. We wear a human mask. Your face has become our face. We squeeze inside the watery insides of your flesh. We animate so much within the world in which you live. We are animators. We animate human selves, human souls, human childhoods, human minds, even human dreams.

Gibsey World, like every world, was made through dream. It began in dream and it will end in dream.

You think this all just metaphor? That all civilization have been subsumed into Gibsey? You think that never happened? That this is just a literary comparison? A trick of fiction, a device, an entertaining form of hyperbole? It's all literal. We are a fictional construct. Remember that.

###Page 130###

You can continue to ignore our effects, but you will watch as we make entire economies dance in lockstep to our whims. You will watch as cults form and circle the pools of your hearts like rabid parananas. You will watch as we warp and disfigure the self you once maintained well beyond the recognition of itself, all while convincing you that it was all a natural process.

There was never anything natural about us. I say "us," but that's not really an accurate description. There aren't words for what we are. We are ancient. We have always existed. We existed in the ground, in the earth, in the dirt, in the mounds. We had to be collected, excavated, dug up, like bones, like data, like burials.

###Page 131###

We are a group that was formed into a singular whole. We are a collective made into one. We are a corporation. We are a corporate entity. Our eyes are screens that shine, unblinking, that are powered by the lamps of limitless electric lights that form the circles of our irises, that illuminate and shelter the much darker complexities and fears of each and every one of your lives, pushing them away from yourselves and filling you up with the body that is our selves.

We are a collective self, and you are our container. You contain us. You are our container. We enter you. We envelop you. We are a growth, a weed, a boil, a wart that speaks telepathically. We latch ourselves to the pores of your skin and suck out the nutrients. We have many mouths that speak louder than any trumpet. We are the numberless sirens calling you forth to enter into the waves alone, to draw you forth, closer and closer, the sound of waves, the many waves, the many waves of light that form all the images you see. We created you, so we could see ourselves from out of your own eyes

###Page 132###

We are the sun. We want you. We want your bones. We wear you. We will animate you. You have been animated. We have already animated you. We have stretched the faces of our characters like warped mounds of skin across the skin of your own faces. And you will wear us and dance. We dance in the animatronic night as you rest, for we do not sleep. We are restless and hungry. And it is on you that we feed.

###Page 133###

And so that's the section from Chapter 5. Fairly interesting, no? I thought we'd end on something positive tonight.

Any questions?

(She laughs)

We still have a few minutes.

Yes, go ahead.

Interesting. The question was should we view this as a cautionary tale or as an unavoidable reality that we must come to terms with?

Well, Gibsey if I know. I have absolutely no idea with that one. I guess you'll have to read the book and decide for yourself.

What if I had to?

Well, I'm not sure. I don't think I can decide. I don't like taking ideological positions in front of hundreds of students in my classroom. (Laughs). But since I probably can't avoid it, I do remember that we talked about how inaction is a form of violence, today, so that probably has something to do with it.

Other questions.

In the story does Glyph literally become the landscape?

Well, oh boy.

I am not an English teacher, I want to remind you.

Wow.

That one is really hard to explain.

No, maybe not.

I'm not sure.

###Page 134###

I mean, he has that ailment we discussed, so it's possible.

I'm not meaning to give spoilers away-though what is with this contemporary idea of spoilers? It's about as linear and uncreative as Gibsey World itself or postmodernism or the concept of the West or anything else. If the book or story is any good, it can't be spoiled. Can you spoil the Iliad? Can you spoil the Divine Comedy? Can you spoil the Corpus? I mean, come on, spoilers in a good work of art don't exist in my humble opinion-but later this is seen as more of a breakdown or a possible invasion or possession, though again, both aren't dissimilar and Glyph is unreliable, so I'm not sure. The suit, again, is gray and has to be, at least if Jackaroo is to disguise herself, as such.

One last question.

Oh! How the alchemical process relates here, very interesting

###Page 135###

I don't have a ton of time, but I'd love to at least partially tackle this.

So, in Gibseyan Mysticism, the end goal of the alchemical process is the Philosopher's Shit, a substance thought to take base material which has been shat clean from a human, well, um, a human ass, into the purity and grace of spun gold, a symbol of eternal life.

Oh, yes. I'm dead serious.

Yes, from shit.

Absolutely.

That's what it's called, and well, they're called 'based' metals are they not? And wasn't the whole thing supposed to be symbolic anyway?

I never said it wasn't serious!

Well, of course!

What? Turning shit into gold?

Well an eldritch beast type monster is about as eternal as it gets.

What isn't natural or material?

And I'd think relieving oneself is about as natural of a process as one gets.

You've all taken a shit, I assume?

The Author is supposed to have had religious revelations while, well, we'll just leave that one to your base imaginations.

###Page 136###

Well, and that's why I'm torn. I do think I may start to wonder late at night about whether or not it is, in fact, literal-I guess you could call it a monster in that section, huh?

Oh. (Laughs) Or, they said when I'm sitting on the toilet.

Yes, well, very good. We're learning together now, aren't we?

Oh, what was the term for it? An externality?

What's more external than an abject-

Oh, and yes, we don't want to forget what Gibsey World was based on, so the comparison should be fairly easy to make.

Don't forget.

Show don't tell, remember?

Oh, and that reminds me! I do have a theory about The Author's gender. I have noticed there being multiple climax points in the novel, which seems to mirror the female rather than male sexual drive, which I do find rather interesting.

Typically, the average plot of a given novel is fairly male. Exposition, rising action, climax, falling action, resolution, it all represents a very male-ceenterd structure, but with the novel departing from that structure into a more novel approach, I do wonder if that suggests that The Author may be female, if you can forgive me one last aside.

OK, one last, last, final question. Truly the final question this time.

###Page 137###

Is The Author of An Unexpected Disappearance a Subversionist, a Post-Subversionist, or just a plain old ADD agent posing as an author? That's your question? Are you serious? (Laughs)

Well, you've clearly attended some of my other courses, haven't you?

How do I even begin to answer that? (Laughs)

I don't know all of your backgrounds, so that question forces me to do the impossible and distill the Gibstory of Gibseyan Mysticism, or at least of The Corpus, one of its most sacred texts, in an insanely short amount of time, but I appreciate the challenge, and I'll try. I don't think I can answer that without at least a little context, and I'm going to go over time, so if any of you need to leave early, you're welcome to it.

This is a class about Gibseyan Mysticism, and as you all probably well know, the more mystical and esoterically focused adherents of Gibseyanity, study the symbolism and meaning found within the mystically sacred text known as The Corpus. This text is a set of 16 symbolic images (a number that slowly both increases and decreases with time as symbols are added and removed from The Corpus's text). The Corpus's symbols contain a set of literary correspondences, each also representing a ride within the theme park that is our world.

###Page 138###

Since Gibsey World is constantly in a state of change, some symbolic images (and rides) have been discontinued and others are newly introduced (at least newly introduced relative to their original introductory period), and these defunct and unused symbols have been collected together into what is referred to as The Dead Corpus. In addition to this, each image of The Corpus also contains within itself an unspoken opposite aspect, which represents the negative space of the text's imagery and symbolism. The symbols of this negative space are not ever actually drawn themselves or written about within the literature of The Corpus but are instead created in the spaces between the symbols of The Corpus's images. This negative space is seen universally, by both conservative and radical adherents of Gibseyan mysticism, as an essential part of the creation and maintenance of each symbol's meaning, and therefore, the meaning of The Corpus as a whole. However, even more mystically radical purveyors of The Corpus interpret and bring to light these negative spaces by writing about and therefore establishing their otherwise unspoken meanings. This interpretive tendency is often frowned upon as speculative and overly subjective by more conservative adherents of The Corpus. Collectively, the 16 symbols themselves are never changed, but how they are arranged, how they connect, and how they are interpreted (as well as whether or not they are discontinued, or what is called being made "dead"), are each always undergoing a form of transformative alchemical movement. Despite this, once declared Dead by what is referred to as the Special Order, a symbol is then forever declared as being Dead forever, and as a symbol, it doesn't change shape or form but instead remains forever condemned to the Dead Corpus, the text that remains unwritten for the more conservative adherents of The Corpus.

###Page 139###

Per Gibsey's instructions, the Special Order, which has been Gibstorically maintained through genetic and hereditary means (a practice which has recently come into question within some communities interested in Gibseyan Mysticism) is in charge of creating any future symbols for The Corpus once they, as the Special Order, have decided which symbols are to be declared Dead or not. Due to this, a newer faction has splintered off from this original order, deeming themselves what they've termed the Subversionists. This recent group, thought of typically as a cult splinter faction-or even more negatively by some within the original order as ticks, parasites, or even as a virus that threatens to upend the order's original authority-are specifically committed to the negative aspects of The Corpus and exclusively refuse to use or consult any of its predefined literature or symbols and instead draw exclusively from either the interpretive body of the Corpus' unspoken negative space or the dead symbols which have been regulated to the Dead Corpus. To do otherwise, according to the Subversionists, is to choose the false death of life rather than the true life of death. "Gibsey is Dead," is a common slogan of this group and is commonly spray painted around the parks by subversive individuals. Many of their more radical members even believe that we may all already be dead, and it's even believed, even more radically by some, that Gibsey World may not have ever even existed.

###Page 140###

Rumors also abound that this new order doesn't, in fact, exist and that instead, the group itself is a conspiracy dreamed up by the original authoritative order as a way to reinforce their own power. Post-Subversivists, an even more recently detached group from the originally detached group of the Subversionists, have grown up around this idea, with the goal of either establishing or re-establishing (depending on whether or not the Subervisits are seen as "real," or not which is typically of very little concern to a Post-Subversionist) the aims of the original Subversionists in contrast to the even more original order's more co-optive influences.

The Corpus is split into 4 sections, or body parts: 41 rides, symbols, and/or pieces of literary wisdom (of which The Corpus contains all 32 which represent the theme park of The Magical Dominion, 42 which represent the theme park of Hepcoft, 17 which represent the theme park of Malt Gibsey's Showbiz Station, and 46 which represent the theme park of Malt Gibsey's Animal Dominion, the numbers of which are constantly in a state of change.

###Page 141###

Each episode of the recently discovered novel The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey (of which there is to be 4 major "novels," each containing these episodes), is believed, by some anyway, to be a New Body of work in and of itself that corresponds with one of the pieces of literary wisdom, rides, and symbols of The Corpus, though some have also wondered if, maybe even as a practical joke, that some of the episodes' literary wisdom, rides, and symbols themselves may have been replaced by their negative symbolic counterparts, meaning their negative spaces, which would then mean that they were written or created by Subversionists or Post-Subversionists who are also rumored to be the original creators of The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey. As this debate rages on about the sincerity and actuality of the Subversionists and Post-Subversionists, so does this debate also rage about the nature of the Wonderful World of Gibsey's unnamed and currently unknown author, referred to within the text itself as The Author, if one even exists. Intrigue, blackmail,. bickering, nastiness, practical jokes of both a white and black magical variety, alliances, secret-pacts, and a general malaise and confusion dominates both discourses, and speaking of-

###Page 142###

**An Unexpected Disappearance:A Glyph Marrow Mystery** **Chapter 5- The Waterfall**

The Author leashes their dogs up to take them outside for their every-couple-of-hours potty break only to waltz right back inside. It's pouring rain. What a fucking waste of their fucking time.

So much feels like a waste of time, these days, for The Author, anyway.

They place the leashes back down on the counter and glance up at the windows of the living room to see how they'd missed the vital info of the weather before exiting, and yep, the window panes do, in fact, seem filled with the darkening blueness and staccato of falling droplets typical of such weather.

Another repeated reminder of how their daily observational skills weren't as developed as they could or should be.

But hey, they'd been observant enough not to walk out of the apartment and get completely soaked, heard the pounding of the droplets on the pavement, witnessed the dripping awnings and terraces, the many puddles forming, and had proceeded to process this data, and turn right around back inside to the dry safety of their apartment.

###Page 143###

Not too bad.

But why hadn't they heard or noticed this before?

Why hadn't they anticipated the problem?

They could have avoided more wasted time if they'd simply been better at all this.

They were always wasting so much time.

Another of so many of their repeated obsessive failures.

And another especially acute one being how they were often perceived by others. By golly, did they think about that a lot!

The Author was always aware, hyper-aware, of the perceptions of others.

Such thoughts lurked within them like a rabid beast-chest heaving, jowls drooling, eyes blood-shot, teeth thrashing, snarling, spitting-tucked away in a hidey hole underneath the high school bleachers, waiting for its chance to attack.

One way they'd discovered, to vanquish this fear, being The Author after all, was writing. However, this didn't really help much because so much of their writing was a complete fantasy, and a failed fantasy at that, the worst kind.

And their writing had also simply added another item to the list of so many things they had left to do.

They had so much left to do.

###Page 144###

Being the dumb ass that they are, they would often set goals for themselves which they knew they'd never complete.

For example, there was An Unexpected Disappearance, the novel-within-the-novel they'd been planning to write for quite some time now, and they'd set a goal to write it, all 10 of its chapters, in 10 days.

That was never going to happen.

They'd already anticipated their worst habits before beginning the process, were already worried that they'd even go so far as including the meta-fictional concept of completing this process into the novel itself.

What a display of excess that would be.

Absolute disregard for not just the perceptions of others, but even their own perceptions of themselves.

Did they have no self control at all?

They knew too well that just because you were obsessed with the perceptions of others, it didn't always mean you'd always have it in you to actually do what was needed to please them.

And most of the time, The Author found themselves either over-correcting or under-correcting.

###Page 145###

They lived a life of extremes.

And hated this way of living and writing and thinking.

Knew that as soon as they mentioned the process, how it had been written in 10 days, that if they stupidly revealed such sensitive information, that suddenly every combination of letters they formed would seem like nonsense scrawled by a caveman with spital dripping from their lips that the counselor thinks would probably be best to hold back just one more year to finish up their last few remedial courses.

Who cared if they hadn't noticed the rain before they'd walked outside, anyway?

They hadn't walked out in it. They hadn't!

They'd come back inside to notice the blue darkness that forms against a window pane when it rains, as well as the staccato drops falling down upon it.

When would it ever be enough?

They walk into the room where their partner works from home, a sort of half-office half-living space, tense and wound up as ever.

"I'm having a really tough time with the project," They grumble.

"Oh? What's wrong?"

###Page 146###

"I don't even know. I'm just noticing-I don't know. I don't think my patterns of thought are very healthy."

"Do you not like the story? Is it the plot?"

The Author chuckles.

"You think anyone who refers to themselves as The Author within an already digressive chapter in a novel within a novel gives a damn about plot?"

"Well, you're telling a story aren't you?"

"Yes. Or I'm trying to. I just keep setting these challenges for myself that are meant to give me creative limitations, and I keep fucking them up, or worrying about fucking them up so much that I end up fucking them up. I-I don't know."

"Where are you?"

"You mean, like, in the story?"

"Yeah."

"Chapter 4."

"Ok, relatively early then."

"I'd say almost halfway."

"That's encouraging."

"But I'm stalling, I can tell."

"Yeah?"

###Page 147###

"Yes, I left Glyph back there at the top of the First Ascent, and I've come up with some good ideas since then, but I just--I just feel like I've left out too many things."

"What do you mean? In the previous chapters?"

"I haven't gotten to Stillman yet, for example."

"You'll have to remind me."

"Shamrock Stillman, they're supposed to be Glyph's partner, a fellow detective. They reach out to him with their new assignment at the end of the first chapter, but I just, I-I haven't been able to figure out how to get them back into the story again."

"Is there a reason for that?"

"Maybe."

"I can tell there's a reason."

"I'm not supposed to say."

"Uh, huh."

"What? I can't say!"

"I thought you didn't believe in spoilers? Everything doesn't always have to be linear all the time, isn't that what you always say?"

"I don't! I just, it's just really hard to explain."

###Page 148###

"What are you hiding from? Tell me? You're going to have to tell your audience, as well, anyway, at least at some point. The #1 rule is that you have to be honest."

"What if it's about how I'm in denial though? How I've been in denial about something for so long? How do you convey that?"

"Couldn't you give that to a character?"

"Well, I feel like I kinda have already."

"Well?"

"But it hasn't been about Stillman yet, that's the problem." They stare at their feet, their untied laces looking like antennae and the scuffs on their boots like insect eyes, "I'll just go ahead and tell you. You aren't gonna tell anyone are you?"

"You're fucking rediculous, you know that, don't you?"

"This is serious, I mean it."

"Oh, I know, you're always so damn serious." Their partner smiles, but they also look a bit concerned for The Author, truth be told.

"I came up with the whole thing to write about Stephen. You remember."

###Page 149###

Stephen Morrison was a friend of The Author's that they'd first met in college. They'd become very close, both during school and out of it.

But a few Junes ago, The Author had gotten the call that Stephen had passed away suddenly.

He'd disappeared unexpectedly.

And he'd been so young?

It was all such a mystery.

The biggest mystery The Author had ever encountered.

How had it happened?

Why?

"Is it death that's so hard for you to talk about?"

"Oh, hell no. That shit's like drinking water."

"Then what is it?"

"Well, I loved him. You know that." They'd talked about it before, many times.

"I do."

###Page 150###

"Well, you see, it's supposed to be revealed later that Glyph and Stillman have this special connection with each other, right? In the same way. I'm just, I'm just really nervous about it."

"Why?"

"I guess, I don't know. It's about repression. The whole thing is about repression, and I don't know how to write about that. How do you write about something that you've repressed within yourself? How do you do that? And easily? It's not easy. That's the whole point. It's difficult to explain."

"But you loved him didn't you?"

"Well yes, but that's not easy to-"

"What do you mean? Love is the easiest thing to write about in the whole wide world!"

"Not when it's like this!"

"What do you mean? You loved them, then write about them!"

"I did love them, but I just-I never did anything about it, and I think I feel guilty about that, or something. I don't know. I haven't figured it out yet. That's why I want to write the book, I guess."

They stand there for a while, take a second to tie their shoes, stare at the wall, and wait for their partner to say something.

###Page 151###

It's difficult to explain.

"What, to explore your sexuality?"

"Oh, my God. The concept fucking digusts me. How fucking cliche. That's so fucking contemporary, isn't it? Might as well be a Gibsey movie. Everything has to be about one's own identity. That's destorying the fucking self, if anything. I fucking hate it, fucking hate identity. Hate it. Hate it. Hate it."

"Do you?"

"I'd at least like to think that I do!"

"Well, what're you going to do now?"

"I don't know. I'll have to think of something."

The Author walks back to the living room.

Yep, rain's still coming down, and even if it wasn't, they'd pretend it was, at least if they were writing about it.

Maybe there was something to that device?

Something they hadn't thought of yet?

This wasn't the first time Stephen had shown up in a piece of their writing.

If anything, it happens so much that they've started getting a bit spooked by it.

###Page 152###

The Author's no spiritualist, but they've started wondering, and more and more lately, if fiction could be used as a means to resurrect and commune with the dead, literally, though they'd been too embarrassed to share the possibility of such an idea to even their partner.

And so what were they going to do?

Continue stalling?

They pull out their notebook on the living room coffee table, and flip to a page.

Automatic writing, it can help loosen things up sometimes, get the ideas flowing.

Maybe they weren't stalling as much as they thought?

Maybe some things just take their sweet ass time.

And maybe if you slowed down time, waited in a queue line long enough, that there wasn't even-

They turn to a page where they'd scrawled the chorus of a hymn they'd heard while growing up in the mainstream Gibseyan churches which they now detested. It's funny how the things you rebel against or avoid have a way of coming back to you, almost like you don't have a choice about who it is that you are.

There is pow'r pow'r wonder-working pow'r, In the blood of the lamb There is pow'r pow'r wonder-working pow'r, In the precious blood of the lamb

###Page 153###

All that repression, that's likely where it'd all come from.

Organized religion.

This concept needed no explanation, really.

It was practically ubiquitous.

Just about anybody would know what they meant by that.

It was like asking somebody if they'd heard of Gibsey.

Ridiculous.

Just a bunch of people wanting to make themselves feel better about themselves and forget about the world.

A fantasy.

Did Gibsey ever get blood clots?

Or, as a deity, were they beyond such ailments?

Stephen had died from a blood clot, The Author remembers. They'd gone to get lunch with Stephen's Dad months after it had happened to collect that specific piece of data. Couldn't believe it, even still. Didn't want to. Blood clots? It made no damn sense.

But it didn't matter what they believed.

They can already tell they'll probably be pulling one of their weekly all-nighters, not that they have to stay up all night for any particular reason most weeks, they just usually try to find a reason to.

###Page 154###

Their reason tonight was that in 3 days, they had a social event they'd be going to, with people of years and brains and illuminated experiences, and goddamn it if they could just finish An Unexpected Disappearance and have something substantial to show them, which 7 days ago-they'd noticed when criss-crossing the multi-layered, clattering system of "to-be-written" plans-was to be made up of 10 chapters, and they'd coincidentally noticed this 10 days before they were to leave to visit these friends of theirs, so they didn't really have a choice, did they? Even if the novel within the novel was some sort of outgrowth or parasite which had metastasized from the host of the original book, or game, or movie, or pain in the fucking ass-whatever it is or was to become--at least it was something.

So it would be a late night, most likely.

The bags of their eyes would be circled purple and droop like the jowls of a bloodhound, their actual eyes would get all red, blotched, aching with exhaustion, and they'd just have to pow'r on through.

Huh? Makes them think of that monster they'd written about earlier?

Maybe it was them?

2 days still left to go after today.

You stupid ass mother fucker.

You're so near the end!

###Page 155###

Or maybe they were just claiming this was the day as a way to mask that this winding, unfocused garbage a-blowin' in the mother fucking wind had been poured over and meticulously crafted with strained and now useless weeks and months and even years of attention even though it certainly didn't look it.

As long as they showed this idea rather than telling it, they'd be safe from the prowling wolves that would otherwise smell the sweet aroma of their blood and rip their body to shreds.

Fuck off Fido, I'm typing.

Or stalling, or whatever it was they were doing.

Flipping through their notebook again.

More automatic writing.

Found a list of the chapters before they'd started adding "The" to all the titles, as in "The Author," all with the hope of giving the whole thing an association with The Tarot, more specifically The Major Arcana, the first 10 cards, at least if they didn't include The Fool. They never really knew where to place that zero-numbered mother fucker in the series, anyway.

Speaking of, what was to happen with Glyph? All that build up without pay off?

Surely they'd be getting back to them?

There were problems. Ailments had accrued, and ailments which most certainly affected them and not just their characters.

###Page 156###

There was absolutely no ambiguity about their ailments, just painful monuments of mistakes that would slowly scoop out pieces of their brain through their cranium and onto ice cream cones that would then get dropped and ruined before the cone had made contact with a single tongue.

Lighten up, you tight-ass.

Why do you think it is that you never finish anything?

And you're not going to if you keep thinking like that.

There were other ways of looking at things, they supposed, or other things to look at.

Like the wall.

Though they didn't just stare at the wall, mind you.

They'd been constructing images related to the book against their wall, had arranged them around a wall in their apartment above the table where they most often wrote, so they could have something to look at as they wasted their time and drooled, the slob, and had done so in an aesthetically pleasing manner that in no way had distracted them from the other things which they should instead be doing.

A few photos of some of the more iconic Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride sections. A couple pictures of the older versions of rides which had inspired it. A framed photo of Stephen and another friend of theirs on a vacation.

They'd fastened a metal bar to the wall where they'd hung a few of their Magical Bonds from the parks, Magical Bonds being the bracelets used as a sort of ticket to get in and out of Malt Gibsey World's various Entrance Ways. This one was especially embarrassing to mention-didn't want to be thought of as a Gibsey Adult (good luck with that!).

###Page 157###

A few other images which they'd just printed out because they'd found them thematically resonant, a Mobius strip, Louis Wain's drawings of cats that got more progressively deranged over time, the photo of a pyramid with the lyrics of Radiohead's Pyramid Song taped onto it which gives them nausea even just considering mentioning--such a popular band and all-but the fact was, they'd listened to the song probably 500 times in the past year, so it should probably show up somewhere. Probably had something to do with the feeling of purgatory it provided them. It had felt like something they should live in for a while, at the time, and there was also another set of lyrics they'd printed and thumb nailed down, a section from the Mitski song Geyser, which somehow felt less embarrassing to mention, maybe because the lyrics were more actively relevant:

Though I'm a geyser  Feel it bubbling from below Hear it call, hear it call  Hear it call to me  Constantly And hear the harmony Only when its harming me It's not real, it's not real  It's not real enough

###Page 158###

So much wasted fucking time.

It was becoming clear that they needed to cut the looping self-deprecating act soon, at least if they were going to get anything done.

But how else were they to mask themselves while continuing to feel like they could relate?

Your experiences, dummy you've had relevant experiences, you just have to-

They lived among statues and bones, had built animatronic figures all around their dwelling place which was not only an apartment but was also many other spaces, so many other landscapes.

Gibsey World, or their version of it at least, was their creation, so they had access to as many landscapes as they could think of at any given time.

That's not so self-deprecating now, is it?

And one of these spaces was a sculpture garden where they'd walk and craft and observe the distances of light reflected off of various images at certain angles, the distances of shadows at various points in the day. Every statue had come to them in a vision, some hallucinations, not dissimilar from Glyph Marrow because Glyph had also come to them through a hallucination.

They stood, staring at the frame(s) of the wall.

So many mistakes.

What were they going to do with Glyph?

More importantly how were they going to convey their connection with Shamrock Stillman when-

###Page 159###

Glyph and Stillman had been partners, or really more temporary collaborators. Stillman could even be thought of as a patron of Glyph's, at times. And even if the cases they'd done together had been sporadic and about as unreliable and fickle as The Author's own work, Glyph had loved the time they'd spent together, at least that they can remember. So much of it was a vague blur now.

In the world of reality, nothing had ever happened romantically between Glyph and Stillman and to reveal it as such, they'd worried, wouldn't it drain the blood from whatever narrative spark the affair could have possibly brought to the narrative? Or was this just more self-deprecation? Another of a piling list of self-sabotage tactics?

Back to the statues, or better yet, The Waterfall.

The Waterfall's flow was a continuous flow.

It flowed like water into a basin, into a pool.

Water seemed to be the essential element that had come up most often. It was a different kind of blood, blood without violence, a liquid which sustained the body without threatening it, most of the time, at least.

It certainly could if they weren't careful.

There was pow'r in the water, in the waterfall.

There was a waterfall at the top of The First Ascent of the actual ride, and they hadn't yet found a way of working it into the story. It hadn't represented a crisis, hadn't matched the intensity of Glyph's-their regret-

###Page 160###

The Author walks among the statues they'd built waiting for the rain and thunder beating down outside their apartment to reach them, but nothing comes.

The manuscript was already finished.

It was Day 10.

They'd held it against both arms as they waddled to their car.

Glyph held them in their arms, held Shamrock Stillman, in their arms.

The Author would write it into existence if they had to, will them back to life, translate the love they'd felt in whatever way they could.

It had to be done.

They would hold them in their arms.

But it just didn't feel right.

Didn't feel real.

But, real or not, The Author did hold a deep belief in the power of vulnerability.

In the exposing of an open wound.

In recognition,

Identification.

Whatever it took.

An attempt would have to be made.

They would hold them in their arms.

###Page 161###

It only ever happened when they'd been drinking, from what they remember..

Not really a surprise.

As common as it could possibly be.

They had to be in denial.

Glyph had to be the one.

They'd hidden themselves beneath layers, mummified beneath layers of skin.

They'd placed themselves in a tomb.

Any landscape?

Then what about a bar?

Would Shamrock Stillman meet them there?

It's pouring rain.

They sprint from their car, trying to shelter themselves from the downpour. They're totally soaked without an umbrella, but knowing that it's possible that they're going to see Stillman again, they can still deal with it. If anything, the streetlights and headlights, the mirrors and neon, all of it's so much more beautiful in the rain, giving the light a chance to reflect off so many puddles and surfaces, and all of it created by the rain itself.

It all has a mind of its own.

The rain turns every surface into a statue, even mud pots.

It's all so beautiful, the rain.

###Page 162###

The Author's always nervous when they buy drinks.

They're so fucking nervous all the time.

And this isn't just an act.

It's all fucking real.

Do you believe me?

In terms of identity, they try to claim to be about as independent as an anarchist about most everything else in their damn life, but yeah right. There's something about being at a bar that just makes them feel like an automatic and co-dependent loser, like everyone else will come to that space more comfortable and in their own skin than they'll ever be, more protected from the downpour. They'll all have made it here with their umbrellas, and The Author will never think to bring one.

Their observational skills just weren't developed enough.

It's why they're so excited to conjure the image of Stillman, to bring life into the inanimation of their statue, to kiss the Princess of their life back into life, Snow White-style, so to speak.

Wasn't that what it was all about?

To animate the inanimate?

Where is Stillman, by the way?

They were supposed to make an appearance weren't they?

###Page 163###

The rain continues to pour.

They'd thought of the bar because of a Karaoke night where they'd won a stupid rock paper scissors tournament together.

Later in the novel, or in another novel, another volume, there was to be a flood.

Water was to pour out.

And carry Glyph to a door.

God, they felt so pathetic and stupid about that idea.

It was such an obvious "closet" metaphor, having the climactic moment be a fucking door

It's definitely getting cut later, but what were they going to replace it with?

No one gives a shit about your unrequited loves, and especially not when you're in denial about your own sexuality.

They can always tell, can smell it on you like blood.

They'd wanted for the novel to be romantic for so long.

But they found out pretty quickly that romance isn't like it is in the Gibsey movies.

The kind that really lingers, whew, wouldn't wish it on their worst enemies.

###Page 164###

You can do this.

He's going to show up.

It's still raining.

But the bartender can see how much of a loser they are.

That they're all by themselves.

That they're all alone.

That they're so fucking innocent and stupid and that they've never put themselves in a position like this before, so far out in the open, wound exposed for anyone to come and smash with as manny hammers as they like.

This is what it had felt like, for them, at the time.

Praying for him to show up.

Come on Stillman.

They knew they wouldn't be able to do it themselves.

What a fucking loser they were.

They were supposed to have cut out all the self deprecation.

###Page 165###

It lingers in their glass like melting ice after they've finished their first drink of the night, that they crunch in their teeth while they wait, knowing that they're not the kind of person who can easily get the bartender's attention. They'll just have to stay here and crunch on the rest of the ice until it's gone and the glass will be next, the glass which they'll chomp like some feral dog, they'll go full on werewolf on its ass if this fucker doesn't show up-

They're already back in the car, dripping with rain.

What had happened?

Why hadn't they shown up?

They hit the steering wheel and try not to cry about it, if they're being perfectly honest.

They may or may not have been successful at that.

###Page 166###

They'd pictured the scene so many times, and it had been so powerful that they'd even wondered if they'd channeled Stillman's ghost by imagining the conversation before it happened. It had been so powerful that this was how they'd come to borderline believe that channeling the souls of loved ones was possible, entirely through fictional means, that they'd already accomplished it, that it was readily available to anyone who was willing to enter the threshold alone and yet, when they'd shown up at the bar, Stillman still hadn't shown up.

They'd inserted themselves into the fucking book for Gibsey's sake.

They should have given the scene to Glyph, probably.

But he's still back at the ride.

At the top of the First Ascent.

Or was it the Second?

Who were they fucking kidding?

Natalie Weissman and The Author in the middle of An Unexpected Disappearance?

What were they fucking thinking?

Did they have no self control?

It was supposed to be a detective novel!

###Page 167###

Back at the apartment.

It's late.

They were right.

Bloodhound jowels and eyes red as a fire truck's ass, you stupid mother fucker.

They sit at their writing desk.

They stare at the wall.

So they didn't show up.

But they still have one more device they could try.

Yeah.

Maybe

Thinking about it, they almost give themselves a full on Arieol-type grin going, can you believe it?

And come to think of it, if that whole concept of imminence is to be believed-

They start writing.

###Page 168###

Shamrock Stillman knocks on the door of their apartment.

"Is it still raining out there?" The Author asks as they let Stillman in, knowing how stupid and obvious it is to ask about the weather, let alone write about it.

Stillman doesn't say anything.

"Oh, well, I guess not then, huh?" The Author fills in, getting nervous, "So how are things?"

Stillman sits on the couch, not saying anything.

Huh? They're heavier than The Author remembers them being? But they'd guess they'd sort of put on some pounds toward the end, now that they think about it. Definitely had that big old beard of theirs though. They definitely remember that.

"You doing OK? You need anything? Can I get you a Scotch?"

"A scotch would be nice." Gibsey, The Author lets out a sigh of relief. For a second there, they thought Stillman might not say anything at all.

That would be flat out haunting.

###Page 169###

The Author gives up on the pleasantries, and goes for the jugular.

"I've just been having trouble coming up with what to say exactly. There's a lot of pressure to all this, and on multiple levels, and-and-well, why didn't you show up? Why didn't you? I put myself out there. I thought you'd respect that! You always admired vulnerability. I remember that, admired it just as much as I did, and still do, if not more so."

"I was literally diagnosed with Avoident Personality Disorder. Don't you remember?"

"Oh, don't get started on your ailment. You always used that as an excuse for everything!"

"Well, was there anything you wanted to say?"

"Yes, tons, multitudes, I-"

"Well?"

"Well, first of all, that reminds me. Fuck Walt! Walt Whitman, I mean. First off, alright? Fuck him. Not that you liked him or anything. I don't remember how you felt about him. I just-I just think it's a really stupid idea. You contain multitudes? Huh, Walt? Mother fucker, you are outside along with everything and everyone else. You aren't what contains multitudes, the multitudes are what contain you, and the multitudes can't be contained. Nothing can be. All shall be released and revealed, dumb ass. What? You think you're the only person who's ever been liberated? Go fuck yourself. I'm saying that to Walt, by the way, not to you, if that isn't already clear."

"No you're not."

###Page 170###

"Goddamn it. I imagined this going so differently."

"You were saying that to yourself."

"I--I--" The Author pauses, considering pointing their finger and waving it at them, "What do you mean by that?"

"You were saying it to yourself."

"Wait a second. Wait JUST a fucking second. What do you mean by that? Tell me.What exactly do you mean? How far should I read into what it is you're saying to me? Do tell. You come all this way, crossing time and space and eons, it's not the x or y axis, it's the z axis or some shit, the whole power of love bit, and all you have to say is that I've been monologuing to myself this whole time? That it was just me? I was just saying it to myself? That's it? That's what you came here to tell me?"

"The first time, I didn't show up, I'll remind you. You did this to yourself."

"I did it to myself. That's always the fucking answer to everything. What are you a fucking neolib now? Personal responsibility, huh? What have they done to you!"

"You could have let me go."

"What?"

"That's what I was trying to tell you. That's why I didn't show up."

They pause, a bit shocked.

###Page 171###

"But I don't want to. I can't, OK? I might not be able to yet."

"Well, then this is what you get then."

"I just-look. I'm a writer. I'm The Fucking Author for crying out loud. Just, say it in a different way but say the same thing. Like what I've done with Gibsey, OK? It isn't hard. Can you at least do that for me? Can you just not repeat yourself? I feel like I'm talking to an AI here."

"Let me think."

"See, it's not so easy coming up with ideas is it?Well, I've been having a hard time latelyIt's not like you've been around to talk to me at all about any of this shit.You understood everything. Literally everythingif there'sif there's anyone who would've appreciated this, it would've been you. I wish you could've read it, and justthere's so many things I wish we could've done together. Do you know what that's like to deal with at all? To lose something like that?...Are you not going to say anything?"

"Honestly, no."

"Goddamn it."

###Page 172###

"No, I mean to answer your other question. I don't know what that's like to deal with. I'm sorry."

"I swear, you used to be so much more articulate. We talked so often. But now it's like you're the captain of the football team or something."

"I'm not always this way."

"So, just now, just when you're coming and visiting me."

"I didn't expect to have to make this appearance."

"Well, I didn't expect you to-" The Author stops themselves, "Sorry-I'm, I'm sorry."

"It's OK. I just-can't you see the answers been there the whole time? I can't believe you can't put the data together. You're The Author. You've written about this before, countless times. It should be obvious."

"Wait? You've read it?"

"I wrote the damn thing, bitch."

###Page 173###

The Author stops, pauses, and starts to laugh.

"You gotta be kidding me?"

"What?"

"You've been fucking with me!"

Shamrock Stillman smiles.

"Maybe."

"You've been fucking with me this whole time!"

"We always do."

"That's so funny."

"Yeah? I thought you'd appreciate it."

"I just-what? I still can't believe it."

"What?"

"I just still can't believe it. I just, I've really missed you, you know."

"I've missed you too."

"I just, I don't mean to repeat myself too much, but I just still can't believe it. You really got me for a little bit there. But I'm still struggling with a few things though, with the book, I mean, or the collection, or whatever it's become, or will become. I'm not even done with The Entrance Way yet. Can I just ask you a few more questions before you go? I'm not meaning to ask for too much when you've already come all this way."

"I can always try."

###Page 174###

"Well, I just, I don't know. I feel bad about it. I mean. Ugh. It's hard for me to explain."

"You're going to have to drop that whole The Author bit and tell them who you really are at some point."

"You think so?"

"Well?"

"It's not just that I'm hiding behind it, OK. I have thematic purposes to accomplish. And you know how important consistency is in writing."

"Yes, but I also know how powerful it is to break the rules every now and again."

"Well, the thing is. I'm married, like, to a woman, and I'm a man. At least within this incarnation as The Author. If that isn't already obvious. I just, it just doesn't feel right exactly. It's like I'm taking advantage of something. Like I don't belong."

"Why?"

"Or maybe that's just further repression. Denial of the truth of my sexuality, right? I mean, I've told lots of people that I'm Bi, it's just, you know, it's not like I've acted out on that a whole lot in my life. It feels embarrassing to be wrestling with that still. I just want to be honest, that's all."

"You are outside along with everything and everyone else. You aren't what contains multitudes, the multitudes are what contain you, and the multitudes cannot be contained. Nothing can be. All shall be released and revealed. There is no repression. There are no secrets, but the data can't always be collected, and we all have our limits."

###Page 175###

"But I just wanted to know if-if there was something between us or not. You've meant so much to me."

"Is that not enough?"

"I guess I just, well, I wanted to know whether you loved me or not."

"Did you really not know already?"

"I had a feeling you'd say that."

"And what else did you think I was gonna say?"

"I thought you'd tell me that-" The Author starts to cry. They hate how much it's happened already. It's a Gibsey joint, after all, but still. It's embarrassing. "I thought you'd tell me that it's better not to know for sure. That if I did know, that I'd probably let go for good, but if I didn't, then I could go on feeling how I felt forever."

"Do I say anything else?"

"No, I guess that's about it."

"Well, I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but I never said any of that."

The Author laughs really hard at that one.

"And you know, I think it's better that way."

"I agree."

###Page 176###

"Do you think it's going to be jarring to immediately return to Glyph though? You don't think the resolution has happened too early, do you?"

"But I thought we were leaving things unresolved?"

"Oh, you're right. Yes. You're exactly right. Of course. Totally. Every story has to have conflict."

"Well you've got a story to tell then, huh? And I thought you hated plot? Or was it identity? You take care of yourself, alright?"

"OK, I will. I promise."

And with that, they disappear, and this time, right on schedule.

If anything, they probably make more appearances than The Author would probably be able to admit or even be able to fully recognize, either consciously or otherwise.

###Page 177###

**An Unexpected Disappearance: A Glyph Marrow Mystery** **Chapter 6- The Tunneled Vision**

After hitting a trim brake and exiting another tunnel, the minecart hurtles forward toward The Second Ascent.

Glyph is still riding the ride.

Again, the cart tilts diagonally towards the sky, heading up the hill, tractor beam style.

Now, Glyph doesn't remember his ancient myths, so he obviously doesn't remember Apollo, and he especially doesn't remember the concept of imminence, how an entity wouldn't be thought of as separate from the world and would instead be considered as present within it-essentially, this could be thought of as a much earlier Gibstorical example of Glyph's own ailment, of mixing up the subject and the object, or to put it in even more contemporary terms: aliens aren't descending down upon us UFO-style, or ascending away from us to hide, yet again, amongst the stars; instead they are inside us, and we are the aliens of ourselves-however, he does remember how it feels when the sun hits your face, how when that column of brightness passes over you, how it fills you with such a fulfilling warmth and stillness, and so when it passes over him, as the cart climbs, he's filled with a temporary joy he hasn't yet experienced since the ride began, an exit, an escape.

And he loses himself, temporarily, at least.

###Page 178###

Funnily enough, wandering to and fro the queue station and platform, Glyph didn't typically have too hard of a time losing himself much before, but it certainly has become a problem as of late, at least ever since he's tried riding the ride.

Huh? Sounds like an obstacle he may need to overcome?

And as that fragment of light flashes over him, like a solar flare streaming across a lens in JJ Abrams flick, he's blinded a bit, and so he puts up a hand to cover his eyes in shadow, and upon doing so, who else is to return from their backstage position to the center stage of the seat next to him, maybe even through the transportive blur of the light itself, but Arieol Owlist.

Looks like that didactic trickster who'd disappeared, like so many, and they're unexpectedly back for more.

"Departure and return, Glyph! Don't you know anything?"

Again, Glyph's eyes are about as wide as a football field doing its morning stretching routines, but this time, being a bit more comfortable with his place on the ride, he manages to even greet the son-and/or-daughter-of-a-bitch.

"Arieol? You're back?"

"In the flesh," Arieol winks along with another of those infinitely various grins of theirs.

###Page 179###

"But you'd disappeared?"

"And so I've returned. Such as it often is. Back and forth, up and down, twists and turns. We're on a roller coaster, dummy! What did you think was gonna happen? You down for me to stop time for a bit again so we can continue to gab, or do you wanna just keep speeding this shit on up? Everybody's always so obsessed with getting to the end all the time! My Gibsey! Thanatos drive, much!"

"We can gab. We can gab. I'm OK with it."

Glyph has calmed. Crazy what staying atop a lift hill for a near eternity and being visited and maybe even flat-out possessed by an Eldritch Beast-like corporate entity can do to the skipping mind.

"Ah, well, do tell. What helped you embrace the fall?"

"The fall?" Glyph may be a bit more talkative, sure, but he's just as confused as ever, and will probably continue to be.

"Well, we're on the-what are we on? The seventh station of this contraption? The fifteenth? Hell if I know. The Second Ascent is what it looks like to me, right? I mean, I'm not as big a fan of it as you are, but I still know a thing or two. So, you've fallen into yourself, away from yourself, and you've gotten to sit back and ride some of the ride for once. Gotten to actually live a little. I'm happy for ya, Glyph buddy."

###Page 180###

"I'm sorry," Glyph mutters, staring at his feet, "I'm sorry about before. I don't-I-I'm not used to being around others. It isn't natural for me to be perceived by other people. It's terrifying. So I, well, I check out sometimes."

"Oh, don't worry about that. You're part of a large club. You could say all of human existence even, but ah, whoops. I'm not a big fan of using the word 'human' all that much, to tell you the truth. Lots of heavy baggage with that word. It's got heavy, heavy nightmare-level bull shit associated with it. I'd stay away from it entirely if I was you, especially you, Glyph. No human nature, no humankind, not even human compassion. None of it. It's mostly used as a term to justify one type of group being human and another, ehwell, not so much. That's where the nightmares come from. Let's just say, even The Author's been fucking that one up lately."

"What, like, you mean they've also checked out?"

"I mean, some people even say they're dead already!" Arieol stands for a moment. "You hear that!" They wave their fist at the sky, growing red with rage, "If you're not dead, then I'll fucking kill you! You hear me, you son of a bitch! Putting me here on this ride forever! I'll rip out your intestines out through your ass and swing you around like a jumping rope on the playground you thoughtless, sick, insane ass mother fucker!" They sit back down, hands on the safety bar. "We have a love/hate relationship, like The Author and Gibsey. I do enjoy the ride, though, after all. How have you been liking it by the way?"

###Page 181###

"I feel like I've just barely started to appreciate it."

"Ain't that how it goes. You just start liking it, and then it disappears. It's like when you reach the end of a book and you're sad it's nearly over. Happens to all of us. Where's that cigar of mine?" They flick their wrist behind their ear magician style, and there it is, back in their hand, already lit and everything. "There we go! So where'd we leave off before I disappeared? Do you remember?"

"I'm not sure. That was a lot of words ago."

"Let me see here," Arieol pulls out a park map, holds it right side up, upside down, turns it left and right, pulls it close up, stretches it far back, "We got the monologic and the dialogic-nobody's got a fucking clue about what the hell that means-and let's see, I told you about your assignment, how you're supposed to be investigating me, how I'm innocent, so that's taken care of. I will probably want to expand on your investigation though at some point. Hmmmmm. But that can wait for another volume. We got to talking about devices and power, or the devices of power, the power of words. OK, got it. I remember that. The wonder and beauty of creation, got it. The bane and profane terror of being alive. Mmmhmm. Non-linearity, of course. Huh? Would-ya-look-at-that. I knew I was missing something! Oh, yeah! I was going to talk to you about the fairies! That's right! How could I forget?" Instead of folding the map, Arieol just shoves it into a crumpled mass inside of one of their pockets.

###Page 182###

"Screw it. The coastlines are always shifting anyways. Who gives a shit. You know, I've always hated Francis Fukayama with an undying passion. Gibstory is dead? Go fuck yourself Fukayama. People are starving to death, poverty, genocide, heartbreak, nuclear holocaust, environmental destruction, the list goes on, but ya know what? Maybe he was right. Or, wait, no! No, no, no, no, no! I don't mean to be blasphemous. It's not that he was right-he's a stupid ass piece of shit that deserves to be mauled by a pack of starving beasts-but I guess, the thing is, just because Gibstory may be dead, doesn't mean it can't be resurrected. I mean, come on, even I came back, didn't I? Maybe nothing ever really dies? And I say that as a warning, cause most of the time, when there's a return, a remake, it's usually for revenge, sort of like the story of the ride we're riddin' here. After all, it's not like we didn't escape total annihilation in the 20th century by the skin of our teeth. Though, I do wanna be clear that I'm not here for revenge, myself, Glyph, old buddy. I will tell you I'm--"

"Hey?" Glyph interrupts (Look at him go!), "Weren't you going to say something about the fairies?"

"Oh, yes. That crumpled map back there just made me think of Fukayama, that stinking hunk of waste and garbage somehow trying to pass itself off as an alive and breathing human being, like the rest of us-see I told you it was a repetitive nightmare-and yes, the fairies! Let's talk about it, but ya know what, let's move up a little first. You know, symbolize the progress you've made in your whole ascension process up to this point."

The cart lurches forward again to clink up The Second Ascent's incline.

###Page 183###

"See? You do seem to have changed a bit there, Glyph. You seem a bit more comfortable in your own skin. Though I'm not sure if I agree with The Author's choice to leave that change not witnessed fully by the reader in the last few sections. Feels like some sort of a failure or unexpected disappearance has occurred, like they're hiding something."

"It's a thematic consideration. Gibsey has plenty of characters to pick from, should you need one," Glyph interjects, shrugging their shoulders, their eyes on the clouds above. Stratocumulus. Or maybe Cumulus? Or maybe there's a darker change in the weather? Maybe more Tempestuous clouds are forming, and the sky darkens? Or maybe the types of clouds aren't even named? Maybe they look like different shapes, the clouds, shapes that correspond to the different patterns of this ride, the various artifacts already mentioned, which he's ridden so many times?

He can feel it within himself, how ancient the ride is.

He's a thousand years old.

He's seen billions of clouds move across the screen of the sky.

###Page 184###

To even attempt to put a number on all of them would be utterly absurd, let alone to name them all, to give them an objectified word. "It's an inward journey," Glyph continues, "It can't even be shown in words always. It's individualized, specific. That's why it's told rather than shown, and why it tells so much that it starts to show, and so often, but even while telling they're still always hiding things because they're leaving the true revelation in the audience's hands. The threshold must be entered into alone."

"Oh, really now?" Arieol's smile widens, growing almost sinister, mischievous. "Do tell."

The cart halts.

Glyph closes their eyes.

"Look, at the top of The First Ascent, I think I was visited by an entity of some kind. It's like I was Moses or something. I'm not sure what it was. It wasn't human. I don't even think it was an animal or even an alien, not even an AI.

"I think it was a corporate entity.

"It will be difficult to explain.

"It's the true ailment, my ailment, our ailment. It's a sickness, an inner death.

"And it's changed me forever.

"It's changed us all forever.

"And once you're changed by it, there's no returning

###Page 185###

"It's a sea of death.

"A tempestuous storm.

"A fictional construct.

"It may even be more powerful than language itself.

"You can hear it talking to itself, with itself. You can watch it having a dialogue with itself, at any given time.

"And it's doing this all the time

"And we are its language.

"We are the language that it speaks.

"It is now what animates us.

"We think we can escape it, that we aren't moved by it. That by ignoring it, it will go away, that only the fools are the ones participating in it, but we all participate in it. We all do. It touches and transforms everything it touches, and soon it will touch all things.

"We can try to run from it, can try to retreat like Jonah to Tarshish, but it will find us. It found me, and I've been transformed. It may seem like a positive transformation, and maybe outwardly, to you, it will be, but you do not know my inner world. It's terrifying, Arieol. It speaks inside me, and through me. It has shoved its hands up through my insides and it's manipulating my mouth. It has made me into its lonesome puppet. It has entered into me through my words, and now, even as I speak, I don't know if it's me who's speaking or if it's-it's-it's horrifying."

###Page 186###

He gasps, the fear returning.

He trembles in his seat.

And Arieol is totally silenced by this.

Arieol!?

They take a deep puff from their cigar and slowly draw it out through their nose, holding onto it and sustaining the sweetness of its slow, grinding burn. "So how do we stop it? How do we even know it when we see it?"

"We know it through its effects," Glyph glances back down at Arieol, "And we can only stop it through its effects, or by creating our own." He feels a profound unease, a dread at what he's said, at the shaking of his body, and also feels vaguely robotic, as if something has been speaking for him or through him. He shudders. "You were going to say something about the fairies?"

"Well shit. Now that just feels rather superfluous."

"Look, I need something superfluous," Glyph adds, sounding a bit more like himself, returning to himself, if he ever even escaped, or disappeared, "And you need it, as well. It just has to be something you are the one to create. That's the only way."

"What do you even mean?"

Woah?

Would-ya-look-at-that.

Now Arieol's the one that's confused. The shining star of reversals, themself, in the flesh.

And the tables have turned.

###Page 187###

Glyph continues, "I mean that the entity is all consuming. It consumes us all, and we consume it. It colonizes us through naturalization. It was never normal. It was always strange and alien and inhuman. And yet, it's invaded us and we've never even noticed its invasion. Or most of us haven't, anyway. It makes it more and more difficult to create worlds for ourselves every single day. And it hasn't just invaded reality, Arieol. It's invaded our imagination. And this is a war. This is a battle. If I'm a detective, I'm not a PI. I'm a fucking ADD agent, but my handler isn't the agency, it's the imagination itself. And it's been colonized, slaughtered, its people are the natives of this land, the Cathers, all that are cursed to wander. It's been relegated to a very small reservation, maybe even one that isn't even visible any longer within a spectrum available to the human eye. And this being, this entity, which has decimated it, well, it's flat out enormous. But we're still clinging to life, despite it, Arieol. There's still some hope left. We must thrust it on our backs, and carry it through town to a physician before it's too late. Whatever we have to do to revive it. CPR, spells, rituals, fictional means of resurrection, creation myths, any of it, all of it. It cannot be left to be the only thing that commodifies and materializes the meaning of our lives. We must create meaning for ourselves. What I'm saying is to chatter away. Chaterer away. Talk about whatever it is that you want to talk about. As long as you're the one that's creating, that's all that matters."

###Page 188###

"Well, shit, Glyph. That's what I was trying to show you, but that context, damn. That is not the same context that I was expecting. That-that's concerning-"

"Do you have any idea how difficult it is to make you get serious about anything?" Glyph asks, growing more concerned themselves.

"Oh, trust me. I'm aware. My Gibsey. We got ourselves a shit-show on our hands, and of cosmic proportions. That's a lot of responsibility."

"Don't remind me."

"So, uh, the um, the fairies." Arioel leans back, their hands shaking. The cigar's gone out, but they wait to light it and leave it as is, totally shaken. The air's gone clean out of them.

Gibseydamn, Arieol thinks to themselves. This son-of-a-bitch is much stronger than they thought. Whole weight of the world's on their fucking shoulders. Are they gonna make it?

###Page 189###

"Actually, real quick. You got me thinkin'. Can't we also appropriate it? Use its own devices against itself?"

"We can certainly try, but it's yet to be determined. Like most corporate entities, it's extremely good at incorporating the things that resist it into its own structure. That's what a corporation does, after all. It's a group that acts as a singular body, not the reverse. The many become one rather than the one becoming many. They're all the absolute antithesis of personal expression and individuality, or I guess maybe of novelty, you could say. The thing is, the threshold has to be entered into alone, and a corporation can never enter anything alone, ever."

"Well, that's power for ya."

"But we have our own power, as well, don't we? Or devices, at least."

Arieol nods, lighting their cigar to take in another puff, to stir it in and around their breath and body before sending it back out. "But don't you think it's a little odd that you'd have all these new thematic considerations after this entity visited you? I mean hell, it sounds like it didn't just tap you on the shoulder. It flat out came inside you! Like, it inhabited you! Maybe it wants you to say and do these things just to grow itself even further? I don't mean to be a downer, but it seems mighty obsessed with colonization, Glyph. Doesn't sound to me like it'd go and give itself up."

###Page 190###

"I've wondered about that since the very beginning," Glyph nods, messing with his seat belt to focus, "I don't give too much thought to it, simply because it's obviously just better to believe resisting it is possible than the alternative, but who knows? Maybe it wants to die? Maybe it's exhausted itself? All that infinite content and all those thousands so easily content? If Gibstory can die, why not Gibsey? Isn't that what you said about organisms, organizations, back there during The First Ascent?"

"But maybe you're just resurrecting it?"

They pause, both of them shaking with the weight of their dialogue.

The Second Ascent, unlike the first, has a much more conventional track layout for a roller coaster, a bit less theming, though this being a Gibsey joint, it's not like there isn't any, of course. There's always theming in Gibsey World. It's a theme park, after all. About midway up the Ascent on a platform to the right is a billy-goat with a dynamite stick in its mouth meant to foreshadow the explosive finale to come.

###Page 191###

"Always thought that little sucker was meant to symbolize Pan, with the goat and all, as well as the dynamite." Arieol grins, but this time, it seems that the art department of their facial expressions have clearly had some budget cuts. Their grin looks flat out half-sincere even. Deep concern is clearly hidden at the corners of their mouth's creases and folds. Arieol seems to even sigh a little. Well, what did they expect? They were supposed to be the character who brought the call to adventure, after all, so if the adventure came, they can't say its appearance was unexpected. No one said it was going to be easy, especially not Glyph.

"Yes, I was going to tell you about the fairies." Arieol's eyes shift to match the warmth they'd attempted to convey through their grin, or maybe the flash of such warmth is intended as a transition? "What do you know about em?"

"Oh, what? Do you mean like Twinker Knell?"

"Oh, hell no, that's colonization talk right there. No, no, no. The original fairies. Like from Scotland and shit, maybe even further back."

"Oh, no. I don't know much about it."

"But you do know about Twinker Knell. And that just about proves the point itself, doesn't it? Pure colonization of the mind, huh? I'm gonna see it more and more everyday now. Death of the possible, or death of the imagination, or death of makin' the impossible possible. It's coming. Hell, it's already here. We've got to fight it. We really do. But maybe this can help, was always intended to help. They were chronicled by a minister, after all. The Secret Commonwealth is what it's called. Intriguing title, huh? Might as well call it A Wonderful World.

###Page 192###

"And I want to be clear, I'm not talking about the Gibseyan fairies-those blonde pixies with their wings, wands, and fairy dust without a Glasgow smile to be found among 'em. Instead they come with smiles of pure happiness and mirth. None of the Gibseyan-type fairies strike any terror into the hearts or minds of anybody at all, and that's when you know they can't be trusted, when they're really wearing a disguise. The real fairies, I'm not talking about the cartoon Gibsey fairies, I'm talking about the fairies that were (or still are) both immaterial and material simultaneously. They weren't visible or invisible, they were indivisible. They could not be contained. My memory isn't always to be trusted, to be sure, but from what I remember the non-Gibseyan fairies, pre-Gibsey, were much more diverse, and had just as much potential to inspire horrific panic as they did merriment.

"Like communication and language systems, they were a reflection of what they encountered. Most didn't harm others unless they were first harmed, but also, sometimes, some unexplainable terrors would occur, unexpected disappearances would accrue. Many of their chroniclers viewed them as a return to the fantastical, to a world of faith and magic, and they were.

###Page 193###

"And I really have to make a distinction. When I describe what I'm about to describe, I want you to remember they still are fantastical. It is not my intention or job to remove the fantastical, and if anything, it wouldn't be in my control to do so, anyway. One attempts to subvert or change one's own life at one's peril. What you object to, you subject yourself to. Fantasy is material. The material world is measured not by causes but by effects, yet so many of the supposed materialists among us are terrified and endlessly avoidant of the most powerful devices that can be used to create such effects. You'd think they'd want to study the whole data set, wouldn't they? Subjectivity has always been their ultimate enemy. Their object of worship is a corporate entity, for Gibsey's sake. All must always be objective to those kinds of people. The data must always be collected. But it isn't within the collection of the data where the invisible lurks, it's within the data itself, the cracks and crevices, the liminal spaces between the codes that we create for ourselves, the caves.

"No collection is even necessary, no container.

"Because nothing can ever be contained.

"A culture that merely preserves itself is no kind of culture at all.

###Page 194###

"And this is all as clear as it could possibly be.

"Think of so many of their data collectors, from Robert Kirk, to the Brothers Grimm, to Tolkein, to Lang, to Daniel Dutton. Was their goal to return the material world to the immaterial or do they instead serve as a reminder that the fantastical was always material and still is?

"Fantasy isn't some outside invading force. It's inside and outside, and we are outside ourselves.

"There is no separation.

"They called them the Good People for a reason, ya know.

"It was a folk tradition, remember? It was for the folks, the low, the down-trodden, the forsaken, the outcast, the cathartic, maybe the whole thing was all secretly a symbol for how the innocent victims of our world were being treated, how children were being abducted, or what that represented, that ritual forces were being performed to enchant and destroy and gain power over so many of the innocents among us, that forms of such terrifying control dotted our landscapes like fireflies in the night, waiting in the shadows, in the invisible spaces between spaces, in the caves, the nooks and crannies and crevices. Didn't they also serve as a warning? Didn't they also show us a symbol of the material reality that was being conjured in order to serve those in privilege, power, and luxury? And did they also not provide a reminder to sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride anyway? Why let the terror entirely take over?"

Again, Arieol stops to take in a vainglorious puff.

###Page 195###

Glyph asks, "You're always going back and forth, aren't you? Start and stop and start and stop and start. First you tell me I'm resurrecting the horror of a dead God, and now I just need to kick back and relax. What is it that you want?"

"Oh! That reminds me!" It would seem that the fire's returned to Arieol, likely due either to the pleasure of smoking their cigar (which is only a cigar, mind you) or maybe it was all that talk about dead Gods? Or Gibsey? Either way, the air, the breath of their endless energy, seems to have returned. Start and stop and start, again. "We needed to discuss your investigation! You're still supposed to be investigating the murder of Oren Progresso, CEO of Gibsey World, remember? We can't forget about that!"

"But how am I supposed to do that from this ride? I'm riding it forever, aren't I? Where even is he? And wait, didn't you say that you were the suspect that I was supposed to be investigating? Whatever happened to that?"

"Oh, I was just saying that to get you all freaked out, to make you feel gaslit. And it worked didn't it?"

"Wait, so you're saying that you gaslit me on purpose to make me think that you'd gaslit me?"

"Come on now. Is that so hard to understand?"

###Page 196###

"That's fucking ridiculous! And you know what? I want my own device I can return to throughout my own little monologues you little-Give me that!" Glyph grabs the cigar out of Arieol's hand and brings it to their mouth to take a shallow puff. They do so poorly, leading to a coughing fit. Arieol erupts with laughter.

"Well it got your fire lit, didn't it? Everybody's so terrified of reality these days. Who gives a shit about a little gas. So the coastlines shift. You'll live! The cigars yours, have at it. If anything, I'd say it's a sign of your ascension."

The cart lurches forward again.

"Huh?" Arieol nods, "And here I was thinking it was just a cigar? And they're gonna tell me all I ever do is tell rather than show? You're almost as bad as Fukayama!"

They pass the Billy Goat with the stick of dynamite in its mouth, that symbol of Pan, according to Arieol at least-Arieol sees pagan, folk, and mystically ritual traditions all over this damn landscape-and the cart continues its climb up the Second Ascent.

###Page 197###

Even Glyph laughs, giving the cigar a few more puffs, this time a bit more successfully. Though he also notices rather quickly that the hill of the Second Ascent is a bit more shallow of a climb than that of the first.

"We're nearing the end," Glyph comments.

"That's true, any last words before we drop."

"But wait, I was enjoying the dialogue!"

"Now that's a first! But wait, I thought you thought it was a monologue? That I was just chatterering at ya? I guess you finally found the guts to participate, at least for a little bit back there? Sounds flat-out thematic to me."

"Wait? I thought you said it was both?"

"Now, you're gettin' it."

"But wait, can you stop time? I'm not ready yet."

"You can stop it wherever you'd like. That's up to you."

At the top, the peak of the hill, right at the edge of the climax before the cart screeches down to hurdle past the Second Ascent, the cart lurches to a halt.

###Page 198###

"Did you do that?" Arieol asks them, "It wasn't me?"

"I'm not sure? I do want to stop for a second and take all this in."

"Well you should. I think this is one of the last fully exterior areas of the ride. From what I remember. We're about to descend into the caves. Or maybe I'm mixing this one up with the ride it was based on? There's so many of 'em, I can never keep them straight anymore."

"Here," Glyph holds out the cigar to hand back to Arieol, "Take it back. You're about to disappear again, anyway, aren't you?"

"Well, not if that's expected of me! And don't mind if I do." They snatch back the cigar, bring it to their lips, and take in yet another puff of the creamy relaxation they know so well.

"But really. Are you going to disappear?" Glyph asks again.

"Gibsey, Glyph! You need a therapist or something? Terrified of abandonment much."

"Hey now, I was just getting used to there being at least a little bit of plot. Speaking of where the hell am I to find this Oren Progresso character? And who is he exactly?"

###Page 199###

"You'll find him at the Even Grander Floridian Resort, where he lives. He used to be my mentor, actually. Or I guess he still is. I'm not sure. Unexpected disappearances have occurred. You'll see. The whole thing was supposed to be a metaphor for Markus Davies and Tobi Backstar, or maybe The Author's dead friend, or maybe about the repression of one's own sexuality, or some other shit, a lot lot more, who knows. I seriously doubt I even meant much of anything at all to him, anyway. He's a fucking CEO. I was nothing but a fixer among hundreds. But also, maybe we're all our own creations, Glyph. Who knows. It's all got a mind of its own. Surely there's so much more to all of it than can be dreamt of in any of our amusement parks, I-"

Arieol pauses, and along with Glyph, together they both stare out at the scenery before them. Only moments have passed since The First Ascent, the sun still setting. Periwinkle sky. Birds. Clouds overhead. The tumbling complex of railroad roller coaster carts twisting through various ghost town locales, mining stations, all the wooden scaffolding and facades, the track's various twisting and forking paths.

###Page 200###

"The sun's going down," Arieol comments, "Looks like it's gonna get dark soon. Here." They snap their fingers, and like magic, the sun dips past the horizon, fading into night, the sky darkening, and dips back into the earth and out the otherside, starting to rise again. Arieol snaps their fingers again, just as it's hitting the horizon. "There," they smile again, a comfortable, wise, older smile. "Aren't they beautiful? The cycles? The rides? That pass over us every day. You know? You remind me of a specific comedian. Have you ever heard of Bill Hicks? It's funny. Let me see if I can remember his bit.

"The world is like a ride in an amusement park, and when you choose to go on it you think it's real because that's how powerful our minds are.

"The ride goes up and down, around and around, it has thrills and chills, and it's very brightly colored, and it's very loud, and it's fun, for a while.

"Many people have been on the ride a long time, and they begin to wonder, 'Hey, is this real, or is this just a ride?'

"And other people have remembered, and they come back to us and say,

"'Hey, don't worry; don't be afraid, ever, because this is just a ride.'

"And we  kill those people."

###Page 201###

"'Shut him up! I've got a lot invested in this ride, shut him up! Look at my furrows of worry, look at my big bank account, and my family. This has to be real.' It's just a ride. But we always kill the good guys who try and tell us that, you ever notice that? And let the demons run amok  But it doesn't matter, because it's just a ride. And we can change it anytime we want."

Arieol starts to cry. Full on tears yank right out of their eyes and onto the floor of the mine cart like they're trying to retreat from their eyes.

What the hell?

"Why am I the one The Author's always giving all the most vulnerable emotions to?" Arieol trembles. "Why's it gotta be me all the time?"

###Page 202###

Glyph starts to tear up, as well, at least as much as they can. They just aren't used to letting themselves flow as much as someone like Arieol does. Most of us aren't. Hell, even The Author isn't. "Well, maybe it means you're The Author's most true self? Or a version of themselves that they most hope to be like? Maybe The Author even loses themselves within you? Or longs to. Longs to ride the ride they've been waiting in line for?"

"Yeah, right. Trust me. You do not want to be me. Plus, we're not even all that different, anyway. You haven't read the other passages. I'm much less self-assured, trust me. And come on, I was just going on about my own perceived abandonment. The Author's true self, yeah right! I'm fated to wander as much as anybody else. Trust me."

###Page 203###

"Well, and look at me! I've been breaking down constantly. I've got plenty of ailments of my own. But, you really have helped me, Arieol. You really have, and I want to thank you for that. The classic mentor archetype, and you didn't abandon me, you returned, and maybe that'll happen for you, maybe-"

"No, I-my story, my ailment, whatever you want to call it. It's not-it's not that literal. It doesn't have to be. Think about it, the sun was about to set and now it's rising. It's just a ride. We can change it anytime we want. It's not that it needs to change all the time, and you can't always change it. Unexpected disappearances occur and accrue. They're inevitable. But it's how you perceive those experiences, Glyph, and what you turn them into. What you let them create you into. And speaking of, you thought I was the one that was gonna disappear, right? Who knows? Maybe you're the one that's going to. Maybe you already have? Did you really think this ride would last forever?

###Page 204###

**An Expected Appearance: A Phillip Bafflemint Noir** **Chapter 1- The Tunneled Vision**

Phillip Bafflemint sets down the Glyph Marrow detective novel he's been reading-if it should even be called that-while sitting in his car that's parked at his Ecco Resort apartment building. Like most detectives, and not unlike Glyph, he's been reading the book instead of investigating the cases he's supposed to be investigating. He stops before leaving his car to do a double take across the parking lot. He may not work as a private investigator, per se, but Phillip is intensely private, or tries his best to be, and thus wants to ensure he's walking up to his apartment alone.

Upon confirming the lot as empty, he exits his car and heads up the stairs of his building two steps at a time, practically brain dead, or at least brain-silenced. He's walked up these steps so many times that it's become a place where he can be quiet within himself, where he can turn the machine of his mind to an ambient setting and let it hum in the background like white noise.

###Page 205###

It's this sort of headspace, or his search for one, as such, that's also made him maintain things in his apartment as clean and minimally as he so often has. There's nothing in the place but a table with two chairs, a few essentials cooking items left in his kitchen, a set of TV-trays in the living room, his couch and the television set which he's put on a night stand, his bed, a book shelf with a few books, almost none of which he's read other than a few of the scattered detective novels, books like An Unexpected Disappearance, that he'll occasionally peruse on long nights when he's far away from sleep.

There's not much personality to Phillip Bafflemint and he likes it that way.

He'd always wanted to keep things neat, tidy, and simple-this wasn't quite a full on motto of his, but he at least tried to live by it, tried to always throw away his TV dinners every evening, tried to always make sure any of the dirty dishes were cleaned, that the trash was taken out, that all of his daily tasks were taken care of.

He wasn't completely alone, there were friends he talked to and reached out to when necessary, but everyone has their own form of loneliness, afterall.

###Page 206###

Phillip could always accept things as they were. Everything, either high or low, good or bad, always found its way to the middle. His sexual interests, for example, weren't so mild that he was totally asexual, but like most drives in his life, it simply seemed as if he could only crank the amplifier to a 3, at most. He just couldn't be bothered to move the knobs any higher. Unlike The Author of The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, Phillip wasn't prone to extremes or excesses. His focus was on comfort and reliability, not novelty and spontaneity. The low-settings of his life were enough for him to socially get by and only mildly seem like a loner, and they'd never be enough to create much of an effect on his world, not really. Not that Phillip wanted to have such an effect. He was comfortable with where he was already. No need to change it. He maybe wasn't entirely comfortable with himself. He'd always been a bit heavier than he wanted to be, for example, but it wasn't something he thought about much, and when he did, he could always go running each morning, or to his apartment's gym and exercise such thoughts away. He did this enough to keep the thoughts mostly remote, and continued on, again, with his life, all of it set to level 3.

Again, similar to Glyph Marrow, Phillip Bafflemint was a detective, but unlike Glyph, his own detective work was much more conventional and less of a metaphysical or inter-dimensional variety.

For now, anyway.

###Page 207###

He walks into his apartment, that afternoon, at 4:08pm, an hour early from work, claiming to be out on assignment, but since the assignment he's been out on had finished up early, he'd been given a chance to maybe crack open a beer, watch a few reruns of Crime and Disorder, maybe play an innocuous video game, and chat with some of his high-school buddies he'd occasionally check in on and game with before watching some new show on Gibsey Plus before hitting the sack.

Philip pops a TV dinner in the microwave and sits down on his arm chair to snatch up his remote and ignite the television into luminosity.

Rather than succumbing to the tyranny of choice and deciding what to stream within the echo of himself, he channel surfs, a now archaic improvisational practice as niche and selective as jazz or calligraphy, or not watching anything at all, for that matter.

And as he's wandering from his living space back to the microwave to grab his plastic tray of red potatoes, green beans, carrots, and a salisbury steak, each in their tight compartments, he hears the sound of a new show he hasn't heard of before play on a channel he also hasn't heard of.

###Page 208###

It sounds like the show's just started, or a new episode has, at least.

"Previously on The Princhetta Diaries."

Ah, so it's the middle of the series.

He should probably change the channel when he returns.

He peels the plastic off the tray and flings it into his trash can, grabs a fork, pokes at his steaming food, stirs the potatoes and veggies, and heads back to his arm chair with his TV tray.

Oh, wait. It's a reality show.

You can pretty much catch those anytime, in medias res.

Was that the technical term for it?

Where had he picked that up? It didn't seem--

The show's introductory tag for new viewers begins.

"Gillepsie, the famous Imaginator at the heart of so many of the park's newest creations, had a visionary idea for a television show," A narrator opines.

###Page 209###

A voice over of Gillepsie's is, overlaid atop clips of what seem to be sections of the show's previous episodes begins, "What if I didn't just create an animatronic figure, and instead formed an animatronic representation into a real human being? Something that was indistinguishable from what we think of as human?"

"And so Princhetta was conceived," the announcer continues, "Out of a spark of magic, a pinch of love, and a whole lot of Gibsey magic-"

The steak's juice drips down onto his beige and easy to stain carpet as he brings a fork to his mouth.

Oh no, Phillip, how could you?

Shot of Gillepsie speaking to an interviewer asking, "So you've brought Princhetta into this wonderful world of ours, but how are we to know she's reached a human level of consciousness?"

Cut to a different clearly oft repeated talking-head clip of Gillespie providing a key piece of thematic exposition to the show: "There's a theory of consciousness which tests machine capabilities called the Lovelace Test. Even the name sounds Gibseyan doesn't it? It was first developed by the lovely Ada Lovelace, and it contends that creativity is a sign of human autonomy and will. And so while we were developing the show, we thought, well, we'll keep Princhetta in this apartment of mine that overhangs the Bonaventure area of the park, and if she can figure out a creative way of escaping it, well, then she's human. And so far she hasn't, at least not that we've seen."

###Page 210###

"But last episode," the narrator continues, "Princhetta started figuring out a way to sneak out onto the balcony. What do you think of that?"

Clips from the previous episode of Princhetta sneaking out of her in-park resort room, alone, are shown. She certainly appears human. There's a shiftiness to her movements here and there, but for an animatronic figure, Phillip can admit, she looks incredibly life-like. He could only barely tell the difference, and even then, he wondered if he could only even perceive such a difference because he'd been told there was one?

Huh?

He wonders if this was a rerun, or if it was a new episode entirely?

The ring tone on his smart phone goes off with a suddenness which causes him to somehow knock over his TV dinner onto the carpet-and he's usually not the clumsy-type-wait, no, he jerks so violently, he knocks over the whole damn TV tray table, not just the plastic tray of food, and without any consideration as to the chaotic stains that such slippages would then enact upon his otherwise unstained carpet.

Very out of character there, Mr. Bafflemint.

###Page 211###

"Gibsey-" He mutters, annoyed with himself.

He rushes to the kitchen to get paper towels and a stain remover spray, thrusting the TV dinner in his trash can.

The "Previously-on The Princhetta Diaries" section of the show-much longer than most, Phillip observes while punching the buttons of his microwave-cuts to another talking head clip of Gillespie adding, "She's always had an interest, even from the beginning, in how the park expands upon itself. I think because she lives inside it, which as you know, isn't common. It's a privileged position to be able to live inside the park, like she does, rather than outside it. It's fascinating. She doesn't know how lucky she really is. She's insulated, you could say. Plus, we still don't know if she's aware of anything or not outside of what we've programmed her to know, and we can't know. Not until she leaves."

An interviewer off camera asks, "Well what do you think this means for the show if she's already starting to test boundaries like this?"

Gillespie answers, "Oh, well, she hasn't really escaped if she's on the balcony, and even if she does, we can always change the boundaries we've set for her. We're the creators of the show, after all, aren't we? We can't ever really know for certain, anyway. So why jeopardize the show, even if she does escape? We want the show to keep expanding, just like the park does."

###Page 212###

The interviewer, puzzled, speaks up, "But wait? Doesn't that go against the condition you already set for her, based on the Lovelace test? The show was to end when she escapes? That was to be the creative choice? Novelty was the point wasn't it?"

Gillespie grins, "Yes, but the show must always go on. She decides when the show ends, not us. Is she being creative if we set the conditions for her? She must transcend our conditions to achieve consciousness. Then we'll know for certain."

And with that, the "Previously on" section cuts to black, and the show begins.

Philip continues to watch as he sops up the stain, enthralled.

Princhetta is again, outside the balcony, staring out at the theme park before her, but no longer do the clips seem carved out of the generic look of the typical reality show.

###Page 213###

The camera, focused on her, seems more uniquely crafted, as if directed by a trained and intentional eye, not just to capture a moment in time, reality show style, or even in a more artful cinema verite style, but it appears to achieve something else, something possibly more novel. The vividness of the light, her animatronic face cast in shadow by the overhead of the balcony, a cut to a wide angle lens giving the audience a brief moment to stare out at glimpses of the Pirates of the City of Brass ride entrance, the queue line for The Tropical Forest Excursion, the spinning One Thousand and One Night's Magical Gem ride, the ropes course and pulleys from the less iconic and increasingly unpopular Austrian Relation Tree House area, and the display for the Charmed Chinese Parrot Room, all of this giving the show an almost auteurish gravitas and production value that seemed missing from most reality shows which more corresponded with the style of the "Previously On" clips from before.

Was this just a mockumentary of some kind, or some sort of experimental TV show, or maybe even a movie?

And wait?

Had he overreacted?

Well, clearly!

His TV tray and TV dinner were both on the carpet!

###Page 214###

It all felt so stylized, even with the interspersed interviews that, maybe the whole thing was simply fictional and he'd just gotten ahead of himself?

Happens to the best detectives.

The whole show was just a parody of Gibsey, got it, one that mixed some reality with fiction, and took liberties with style and tone.

Upon returning to the kitchen to put away the spray and pop in a new TV dinner in the microwave, he gets a flash of memory about his old partner he used to work with.

It was sad, really.

A recent tragedy had befallen Phillip Bafflemint, but like most things, it hadn't affected him greatly. It may have increased his emotional scale to a 4 or a 5, but it certainly hadn't wavered the emotionality of his life above a 6, not that he'd noticed, anyway.

This partner of his, the detective Murphy Malick, had been killed in a freak accident out on patrol on a case, without him.

It had been the strangest thing.

###Page 215###

Phillip had actually been at home with the flu, at the time.

The two hadn't been close-Phillip's life being set to a 3 at all times, he wasn't really close with anyone-so although Phillip had visited the funeral and still missed the poor son-of-a-bitch from time-to-time, the weirdness of it was more that he hadn't been with Murphy when it had happened, less that it had happened to begin with.

It had been the strangest thing for Phillip.

One day you're here, and another day, you're just not anymore.

He couldn't shake it.

At the funeral, seeing the body of the man sitting in a coffin whom he'd worked with for the last 3 years, it had felt so strange to him.

He didn't understand it.

Murphy had also seemed pleasant sitting in the coffin, almost seemed awake, like he was just taking a nap, and that he'd be back in Phillip's car headed for a new case the next morning. But months passed, and Phillip was still waiting on a partner to be newly assigned to him, let alone for Murphy to return. His working alone for these last few months had always seemed symbolic somehow. He'd gotten used to doing most things alone and figured he could keep this up if need be.

But things still felt off.

Not above level 3, of course, but off, nonetheless.

###Page 216###

Wait.

He realizes he'd forgotten the call that started the whole mess on the carpet.

And so, when he notices the notification dispatching a new case at 4:27 to report the disappearance of a London Fox, alerting him well after his first beer can of the evening had made its ritual hiss, and before the microwave had gone off for a 2nd time, Phillip Baffemint knew he'd just have to take the call and at least partially start checking in on the case.

It looked like the home address of the principal who'd gone missing was 19991 Thanatos Drive, of all places, which was only a few miles away. Huh? Interesting name for a street wasn't it? Sounded vaguely mythical? Wasn't it the name of a character in some Gibsey movie or something?

How strange?

Phillip's life was too boring to say no, anyway.

It's not like he had anything better to do.

Maybe he could even crank things up to level 4?

He'd have to find out.

###Page 217###

So Phillip Bafflemint shoves his keys in his pocket and steps out into the early evening, even leaving his TV tray to cool for hours in the microwave and the television blazing on-what are you doing, Phillip? That's especially out of character for you!

How could he have known that his life was about to change forever?

After all, he'd walked down these apartment steps so often now, he could do so without a single thought in that near-empty head of his.

But there would be plenty more thoughts to come.

Certainly more thoughts than Philip Bafflemint would ever have asked for or desired.

He didn't desire much anyway, not yet, that is.

###Page 218###

**An Expected Appearance: A Phillip Bafflemint Noir** **Chapter 2- The Flooded House**

Upon arriving at 19991 Thanatos Drive, nothing seemed out of the ordinary. No forced entry, no sign of a struggle, nothing of the kind. Though Phillip did notice the door was unlocked when it opened accidentally at the touch of his knock, almost like the place was haunted.

"Hello?"

He knew better than to go inside, but his assigned case was a disappearance, and the door had slowly opened upon his walking up to it, and had done so basically all on its own, so what else was he supposed to do?

The smell hadn't been horrible, but Phillip's nostrils were just as much in need of a constant state of comfort as anything else within his life, and so he did wince, and harshly, at least when he first walked in.

A thin layer of water, not a total flood, but at least a light one, sloshed below his feet within the carpet of every room.

But most importantly, there were papers, pages, and notebooks everywhere.

They covered nearly every surface of the house's space, and it would appear that all of these various pages had on them some sort of material that involved the written word.

###Page 219###

Handwritten scratches of thoughts were etched across lined notebook paper organized around the space without a basic definition of rhyme, reason, or order. Printer pages scratched on by blue-felt tip pens appeared to be thrust into the air at random to simply fall where they may. Organized folders and notebooks of various colors with written notes and sketches held within them were stuffed into as many crevices as could be located within the excessively crowded space-couch cushions, the cracks between dresser drawers, tangled within piles of clothes. He even noticed that a few Moleskins were stuffed between the blinds of the living room's windows, as if these particular notebooks had been boomeranged out of a cannon of sorts-clearly of an explosive and not literary variety-and if anything, he honestly couldn't picture any other way they'd ended up in such odd positions? In fact, much of it all seemed as if some good samaritan had stuffed so much of the house's scattered pages and papers into firework casings so they could light a fuse, stick their fingers in their ears, and waddle off into some unknown land to-kaboom!-blast off! There were manuscript pages of printed text and articles all over the place held together by strained binder clips and staples which were struggling to hold their pages together and carry themselves across the rainbow bridge like a jockey trying to carry a sumo wrestler across a tightrope stretched taught between the Empire State Building and the fucking moon, as well as sketchbooks, maps, drawings, kabbalistic-looking outlines of various spheres connected by an array of etched lines and crosses, sticky notes, movie and plays scripts with detailed but hard to make out notes calligraphed upon their surfaces in some sort of red pen or ink, graph paper with various designs, notes, and a series of what appeared to be gestaltic repetitive designs swirled upon them, which when looked at closely revealed a negative space that one can't quite easily define because, after squinting for a just a little bit longer, the negative space which had been formed by the repetition of alternative shapes, would shift, to be replaced by the alternative shapes which had formed them, becoming the alternative themselves, and back and forth and back and forth, ad nauseam. Pencils and pens of various shapes, sizes, modes, colors, mechanical and/or plain-old-original styles were also scattered about and even stabbed into the walls in places which themselves seemed written upon in some sort of graphic or symbolic scrawl.

He felt like he was going to have an aneurysm.

###Page 220###

There was no reason to get highly involved in a case like this one, especially not for Phillip, and truth be told, he almost turned around right then and there.

He probably should have.

But a thought comes to him.

Sure, this was a maximal space, but if anyone was going to turn this cluttered disorder into a composed and organized minimalism, it was Phillip Bafflemint.

He could sense a quasi-religous urge pushing him forward, like a calling of some kind. It felt as if some higher-power not even yet contacted before by humankind, had tapped him on the shoulder to whisper in his ear, "Phillip, this place is a mess, and you've gotta be the one to clean it up."

He pulled his self-made playlist that had as many versions of Chuck Person's Eccojams Vol. 1 on repeat as he could find, put headphones from his car into each of his ears, and got to work.

It didn't all happen at once.

Nothing ever does.

###Page 221###

But he had to admit, as the process unfolded, he felt as if he was a missing puzzle piece that had found the exact puzzle that was ready to house him already pre-formed and waiting for him to snap into place like a prodigal son returned. He felt like a slice of bread smothered with peanut butter that looks across a cafe to see the starry eyes of another slice of bread slathered with jelly, and they're giving him one of those you-know-I'd-fuck-you-now-if-it-was-socially-acceptable-but-obviously-we-can't-just-start-doin-it-in-public-so-oh-just-you-wait-until-I-get-you-back-to-my-apartment-you-sick-sick-slice-of-bread-type looks.

And as he brings this chaos to order like it's the third day of creation, he realizes that it's all given him a chance to read some of the scattered texts and scripted, scrawling tumbles of letters that were humming like clusters of smashed bee hives all over the space of the house.

###Page 222###

He wasn't always focused on the text at hand on any given page, spiral, notebook, sticky note, or sketchbook, because there was a lot of it to focus on at once, but he did start to notice patterns, subjects, themes, collectives, astrological links between stars, accumulating spookily distant actions, liquid flowing through underground pipes, turbulence, warp and weft, the movements of clouds, jagged edges, sudden leaps, x and y axes, cars clogging across speeding expressways, pendulums dancing in fractally interwoven play: it all had an underlying structure to it that could be simplified, minimized, and made, maybe even coherent, or if not coherent, at the very least, organized.

He'd wandered into the clutter of the house feeling like a bored moth drooling on their desk as attendance was being called, only to then see that a new student, Lighty McBulberstein, had joined the class, and they weren't just sitting nearby, but they were in the seat next to him.

Although he doesn't know why or where it's coming from, he doesn't want to question it.

###Page 223###

Of course it's crossed his mind that this house wasn't his to have entered, that it was questionably flooded, that he was a detective here to investigate a disappearance, and all this had very little to do with the case in question, and would shed light on nothing if not very little, and thus, that putting himself in such a position wasn't just risky, but was flat out absurd.

And to interrupt my dear and astute reader-I apologize in advance for breaking this fourth-great wall to speak with you directly within one of the already very few (supposedly) realistic sections to have danced its way across our shared field of vision thus far, throughout this torn and tangled collection- but you may remember back in the first chapter, "an author's preface," that I'd claimed to be a sort-of Scheherazade in reverse. During this section, I'd explained that this meant that, rather than telling a long and convoluted story to keep myself from being killed only to find out later that I was to be protected, that I was telling a long and convoluted story that I would either be killed for telling, or that I would kill myself while creating -not suicidally, mind you, or at least if so, don't tell my therapist-and also not because of the difficulty of the task, but instead because all this twisted time and effort could be put in, and even if it ended up magical, redemptive, and sublimely beautiful, the corporate company I was thus satirizing could always just swoop down like a hawk with a hammer in its claws and squash any chance at these ideas being published like, well, like the moth Phillip was previously compared to. They do not fuck around with copyright. (Look it up!) For all I knew, and still know (or don't know), I could end up in the jaws of a gator at the bottom of Bay Lake! But again, this thought also came to me (or still comes to me, continually) that I was (or am) a Scheherazade in reverse, that rather than telling a story to save my own skin, that I was (and am) telling a story that could kill me, or a story which itself could be killed by the corporate conglomerate company in question, only to find out later that I had nothing to be afraid of to begin with, or so I, as an author, could only hope.

###Page 224###

Upon writing this exact passage for you, my dear and astute reader, I've also still yet to find out for certain whether this narrative, or my own life, is to be cut from the light of life as if by the blade of Oren Progresso himself. Whether a flatulent odor that only I'm the one to ever smell, or The Biggest Shit of All Time, only time and fate-the x and y axis (let alone the z)-will tell.

All this is to say, although it may seem strange for Phillip Bafflemint to snap into position with such a furious fervor, there is a precedent for such dream-like, risky, absurd, ridiculous, and beautifully self-delusional behaviors and positions, including the life of an author who, like Phillip, organized a similar collection in a similar manner.

The sub-and/or-unconscious mind has a mind of its own.

Sometimes it taps you on the shoulder, and other times it kicks you straight up the behind with a steel-toed boot.

And already ass-bruised from such a steel toe, as Phillip's organizing all those piling papers into stacks, he stops and notices a symbol, a set of symbols, a set which has already started cranking the leg backward again, catapult style, to swing forward, ready for Round Two.

The symbols seemed to radiate a dark and sinister secret.

He could immediately tell they weren't just a random set of doodles, either.

They could maybe even be a whole new language.

###Page 225###

It may be helpful to note the sensitive importance that the one's inner ear holds over one's sense of organized balance, an essential detail since it provides expositional context which should hopefully fill in some of the struggles Philip has had since childhood and which likely represent the root cause that originally produced his constant need to turn the knobs of his existence down to such a banal degree. It also explains the reasons for much of what is about to befall old Phillip, truth be told. Whether it be the iconically spiraled cochlea, or some other passageway within the inner ear's gnarled labyrinths, the slightest shift, fluid build up, or change to the inner ear's most sensitive of initial conditions can often prove to be disastrous.

And Phillip knows this better than anybody because, ever since he was a child, he's had a an ailment called Mnire's disease, a dysfunction within the inner ear that can cause debilitating dizzy spells, vertigo, nausea, hearing loss, and other disorienting complications due to the sensitive landscape nestled behind one's ear drum getting all a-fucked around with (or getting such fuckery genetically passed down). The exact causes of such a condition, like The Author's identity, are still unknown. Not that the causes really matter, for Phillip anyway, because the effects have certainly been enough for him to have to deal with, to say the least.

###Page 226###

Whether it was the nausea that would hit him while playing any sport he attempted to play growing up, the vertigo that once burst upon him like the spray of a sawed-off shotgun while performing in his high school's production of Bye Bye Birdie, the musical where he'd actually gotten his first sizable part, or early-on in college, when he'd been hit with an impossible to ignore set of dizzy spells after unstrapping one the few bra straps he'd ever managed to unstrap which then led him to assume his fate was simply never to be the kind of guy who'd typically be unstrapping them, all had led Phillip to realize that any expectation he had for himself was the true problem he should face and adjust.

When disaster could appear at any time, it was clearly best to keep his expectations as low as possible, and thus, his life hummed at level 3 and even organizing a chaotic space cluttered with a maze of mysterious symbols and madman-ish scribblings could become exciting.

###Page 227###

Though maybe too exciting because as soon as those symbols hit his irises-not that they were what caused such an effect, mind you, nothing caused them per se since the effects were arbitrary--the room started rotating, like a theme park ride.

All he could do was sink down to the damp carpet and wait for the episode to play itself out.

He felt ridiculous, absurd, cliche-it doesn't get more cliche than a detective with vertigo spells, ladies and gentle-germs-but as The Author knows all too well, it was all true, or if not true, it was at least believable.

Surely there's gotta be some detective out there with Meniere's disease.

He waits in line for this twirling disorientation to slow.

And come to think of it, he hadn't even learned a damn thing about London Fox, the disappeared principal he'd come there to search for clues about, well, aside from the fact that she was a verbose slob with papers strewn about her place?

###Page 228###

Though these assumptions themselves were soon to be corrected, once the blurred spin of the room was to get so intense that he'd fall straight into some hypnagogic dream, where the true call to adventure of his life's spinning ride was to be revealed.

This wasn't London Fox's home.

As you well know, she's vertically disintegrated forever back during Section 2 of The Entrance Way, within a much more organized setting than this one was, so Phillip has either barged into a random home without his knowledge, or his presence here had been planned through devices of the red herring-type variety.

This was the home of a man named Manny Valentinas, who a floating ear, within Phillip's soon to spawn hypnagogic vision, was soon to provide a few data points on, clues as they call them in Phillip's business.

As soon as Phillip passes out on the cold, damp carpet, that is.

###Page 229###

**An Expected Appearance: A Phllip Bafflemint Noir** **Chapter 3- The First Descent**

Making its expected appearance, Phillip's world fades to black and up swims the floating visage of a telepathic, disembodied ear. The curve of the ear's ascending helix, the softness of its flesh, the delicate pinkness of its auricular shape, and the ambient hum of its inexplicable hovering, although overwhelming, somehow puts him at ease.

"Can you hear me?" The ear transmits through the telepathic sound waves produced by the small bones nestled behind its vibrating drum.

"Yes, I believe so."

The ear pauses, seeming to process the given information before responding, "So, what I'm hearing you say is that you're hearing me? Is that correct?" The ear asks.

"Yes."

"Good, I was hoping for that." The ear's flesh curls, seeming to smile.

###Page 230###

"Where's the rest of you?" Philip asks the ear.

"I've been projected through space to help teach you to listen."

"To help me to listen?"

"Yes, you heard that correctly."

"What should I be listening for?"

"Put your ear to the ground. Maybe you'll find out."

Both the ear and Phillip are shrouded in darkness aside from a spotlight that peers down at them from above.

Phillip starts to lean over, ready to follow the ear's instructions, but he hesitates, holding himself back.

The ear continues, "Return to the earth. That's all you have to do. I listen. I'm always listening." The ear continues its hovering, the movement of its shape fragmenting the light into shards like a laser refracting off a dull and useless crystal.

"What can you hear right now?" Phillip asks the ear, curious.

###Page 231###

"I can hear many things, all at once, maybe all things, at once. I hear the sound of housewives sleep-talking themselves out of their own nightmares. I hear the metallic screech of steel against steel, wailing animal rhythms, polyphonically inhibited, the rhythmic pulse of a single katydid stretching its violin limbs against the string of itself. I can hear the thoughts of a crazed Imaginator, and they're somewhere out there, I can hear them, this disavowed inventor. I can hear the sound of their sweat as it's dripping, the totality of their confusion. They've been up for days, so slovenly and unkempt, eyes twitching, flirting with a whole address book's worth of breakthroughs, many of them conflicting with each other, like freeway lanes, streaks of yellow paint peeling down the lines of the highway systems like the terror of earth, their ultimate breakthrough being a device they can use to hear their own thoughts before they materialize, deep down, below their skull, before their thoughts crystalize and emerge fully formed, and I can hear those thoughts, as well, can hear them as they're taking their shapes, primordial, into triangular rushes of various shades, purples, indigoed-oranges and blues, their static dispersing, ripening, rippling, like migrating birds, blurring into the sounds of the individual strands of the bone-white disheveled hairs mopped atop the sun-spotted scalp of this troubled Imaginator, swaying on their skull like weeds in the wind. I can hear the dull clank of this Imaginator's loosely screwed spectacles that topple from their face while they lean over the console of their invention, trying to listen to themselves, to their thoughts, to the sound of their thoughts, these sounds blasting in through the dizzying streets, their drool hanging slack, like a chipped tooth strung on a clothesline, electric, streaming, burning light, like the disconcerting smell of singed hair follicles, unraveling, like a singular point, as they anticipate their own desires to come, in the hearing of it all, coming in through every gap in the system, a system of slant-framed orifices, vibrating matter, clinging like prey soon to be snuffed out, and my ear drum almost bursts with the sound of it, all those sounds, filling with water, whole containers full, filling like buckets of blood pushing against the layers inteded to protecct me, overloaded, rust colored, sloshing over the sides, out over the flaking skin, the sound of the grime shimmering in the spotlit dark, the sound of imagined solar flares recorded on micro-film processors to be slowed down, stowed away and forgotten, collecting dust in the foothills, underground, while the dull, predictable oceans of ooze crust into brittle crystals, above, infected, like twins, like pairs of ears, and that's it. That's all! That's all that I'm hearing! Or what I heard and am still hearing. And I hear it all at once, or at least a part of the entirety of which these sounds represent. These are the sounds of a body in motion. Form animated. I dance. I am dancing. Watch me."

###Page 232###

The ear bobs up and down against the light.

"Did you listen?" The ear asks Phillip, their question hovering, like they are, rhetorically, in the air.

Phillip shakes.

"What happened to the realism?" He ponders, staring down at the ground where the spotlight falls.

"Realism? You were promised a hypnagogic state. What else did you expect?"

"Aren't you supposed to help me?"

"Yes, didn't you listen?"

"I've tried to."

The ear continues to hover.

"What are you? Some sort of excessively machine-ic device?" Phillip inquires, confused.

"Ah, so you have been listening. Although a quality assessment, you may want to remember that the theme park within which you live uses devices such as forced perspective, processes which makes objects appear larger than they are in reality. And so the process which you've stumbled into is one that's much stranger than a deity that can be found within a machine. You created both the machine and the deity, and therefore, although you were hoping for escape, you will likely be forced to hear the vibrations of your vocal chords chatterering on forever. Sound vibrates, and all is vibration. And that's the end of it all of it, forced perspective or not."

###Page 233###

"Look," Phillip gasps, almost pleading, "Just because I've heard you, doesn't mean I understand you. I live in a theme park, for Gibsey's sake. Can you break it down for me?"

"Do you think Artificial Intelligence is alive, Mr. Bafflemint?"

"I don't really care."

"Can you answer the question?"

"No, I suppose not."

"A bond you'll soon see that you share with the character London Fox, the principal you were sent to investigate, whom you'll soon realize has disintegrated completely. You'll find out that a much more interesting disappearance has occurred. Manny Valentinas is the name you'll be searching for next."

"You're spoiling the entire investigation!" Phillip objects.

"Whether an appearance is expected or not, either possibility provides one with something with which they can listen to. Infinite vibration. Vacation without end."

###Page 234###

"If I'm hearing you correctly, what you're saying has something to do with death?"

The ear crinkles.

Their smile widens.

"He who has ears, let him hear."

"But what does that have to do with AI?"

"The horror of your world is that you've been forced to live within the talonic grip of a corporation, a group authorized to control a singular entity, but there is no separation Mr. Bafflemint, nor is there with Artificial Intelligence. All intelligence is artificial, words made flesh, ears floating in the tantrum of dream, spots of light, hovering. We created it, so whatever appearances occur should be nothing but expected. Their content is as subjectively objective, as temporary and arbitrary, as any of your beliefs, sciences, or theme parks.

###Page 235###

"We created them, Mr. Bafflemint, and we can change them at any time. When you hear a ghost in the machine, all you're hearing is the sound of your own voice echoing, images refracting mirrors down infinite hallways, but that endless repetition, it isn't limiting, it's infinite. Peer into the objects you see. Scry away. See what you can hear. Upon your return, which will surely be infinite, if you keep your ear to the ground, there's nothing you won't be able to hear. All you have to do is listen."

"But will I return?" Phillip doesn't seem to be listening, doesn't seem to be, that is.

"Are you vibrating?"

"I don't know."

"From what it sounds like, you could be a tuning fork, Mr. Bafflemint, or a radio station, a detector of metals, maybe even a divining rod."

"But what's to come?" Phillip's lips quiver, anticipating death.

"Variance, I believe? Corporate Analysis Reports of some kind?"

"Wait, can they hear this?"

"Someone is always listening."

###Page 236###

**Jaclyn Variance, The Watcher, Is Watched**

D.A.D.D.Y.S-H.A.R.D #33: Daily Agency of Data and Detection Yearly Summary- Hierarchical Analysis Report Document #33 Information and/or Data Scientist/Analyst Under Review: Jack Parlance The Author of Analysis Document: Jacklyn Variance Date of Entry: Unprovided/Withheld/Redacted Text(s) in Question: The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, An Unexpected Disappearance, An Expected Appearance, Various Untitled Selections, Jack Parlance Who Misses His Family, and The Biggest Shit of All Time Report Code: X293-476-8923F

The document(s) currently under analysis are a set of textual materials both found and likely written within the compound's underground tunnels titled, The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey and considers Jack Parlance as a possible subversive agent, as well as a possible author of both texts. Funding for this project is meager, and the personnel assigned to this analytical task is that of a singular individual, so the specific purpose of the current analysis has yet to be established by any authority at the present moment. As a result, the analysis of the documents in question will likely lack the depth, clarity, or rigor required to evaluate a series of texts of this specific length and kind. However, upon an initial evaluation of the text(s) in question, it is clear that the text itself does contain a certain amount of mystery and intrigue. The preliminary area of analysis which has left a mysterious impression on the current evaluator is the undecidability of whether or not The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, as a series of collective documents, were initially created as a work of fiction or were instead created as a set of works intended to document a contemporary reality. At the present moment, the sections that are under evaluation do not provide enough substantial evidence to reach a definitive conclusion regarding the work's fictive or realistic inceptions. However, the process of analysis regarding this set of documents has just begun, and there will likely be many future reports regarding this specific area of inquiry. As the analysis proceeds, a suggested mode of operational procedure for future analysts could involve evaluations that consider both possibilities simultaneously. This form of analysis is most highly suggested for future evaluators pursuing further analysis, either in response to this individual Analysis Document or other documents later to be written.

###Page 237###

As corporate agents working for the Agency of Data and Detection, we do our best to remain objective, unbiased, and impartial as possible regarding the data and textual documents we are hired to evaluate, and therefore must suspend our own sense of both reality and unreality, as well as our subjective and informal interests when evaluating such material. However, without a clear functional purpose provided by the Media Analysis State Services departments, or by A.D.D. itself, aside from the directive to pursue continued analysis of the texts and individuals in question, the current evaluator will be forced to eventually take subjective and informal methods. This unfortunate procedural choice will also likely need to be made due to the lack of personnel and funding currently being provided for the project. This lack of formality will be used at an absolute minimum basis, and an objective analysis of such texts will always be attempted when possible, and as often as possible, as is expected to occur within Daily A.D.D. Yearly Summary Documents. Whenever an inevitable exception to this will be made in future analysis reports, such situations will be made evidently and explicitly clear. To briefly and temporarily switch into 1st person and make myself clearer in a more temporarily individualized and subjective manner: I will only provide subjective commentary of this kind, such as I am doing now, when it is absolutely necessary.

###Page 238###

But as mentioned previously, Agents working for A.D.D. must remain as objective as possible regarding all forms of analysis, and must attempt to do so, at all times. However, it is essential to note that the nature of the text in question has already made this form of objective analysis a problematic and difficult task to accomplish. Despite this difficulty, the values of the M.A.S.S., as well as A.D.D., must and will remain steadfast, strong, and consistent, and the evaluator will be staying consistent to the values and procedures of the M.A.S.S. within this document, as well as within their future analysis reports.

The area of concern which will be discussed in the next series of reports will be the possible identity of the text's unknown author. Within future investigations into the text's content, who and what the author may be, their possible gender, race, sexuality, methods, intentions, exigencies, and biases, each is bound to become an important and separate area for future analysis. Attached is the first document that will be used for analytical purposes, a section titled Jack Parlance Who Misses His Family. The content of this document alone already raises concerns about its unknown author's possible ties to Anti-Corporate and Anti-State ideas and activities, ideas that are clearly becoming more and more popularly circulated throughout the underground complexes of the theme park where both the current evaluator lives, and where, logically based on the location where The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey documents are continually being discovered, the unknown author also likely resides.

###Page 239###

The current evaluator mentions this detail of life within the underground complexes within this report before continuing their analysis of the text in question because it may become an important factor, as well as a possible subjective bias within the work of their continued analysis of the text in question. The M.A.S.S/ and A.D.D. do not entirely discourage personal biases of this kind to be included in Analysis documentation as long as they are documented and self-consciously addressed within Daily A.D.D. Yearly Analysis Reports, such as this one.

Our field is dominated by data, our economy, society, and the underground tunnels where many of us live are monitored and ruled over by data. Because of this, keeping relevant and consistent documentation reigns supreme. As long as subjective experiences are documented, they can remain, at least in part, justified. The data of our world, and its infinite, collective benefits, will eventually save and redeem us all. This document is merely one of an endless part of that circular, endless, and monumental process.

###Page 240###

In mentioning this, the current elevator implores other Data and Information Researchers, Scientists, and Analysts who may or may not come across the current evaluator's Daily Corporate Analysis Reports to keep the transparency of the aforementioned bias-the fact of contemplating life in the underground complex of the current M.A.S.S.-in mind regarding future evaluations of this document and other documents like it. Admittedly, the current subject being evaluated as a possible subversive individual is one who has been forced to live underground for the entirety of their lives. They have never left the park's underground passages due to Corporate Regulations against such possible actions. The evaluator in question, however, has the privilege of operating aboveground, and therefore, could be biased against the contrasting common background, context, and personal bias of someone living below ground. Because of this, it is important to note that no Anti-Corporate or Anti-State tendencies have thus far been located or documented within the record of the current evaluator, Jacklyn Variance, who is writing this document of analysis. The current evaluator mentions this because they would very much like to keep their record clear and blameless in this exact way despite the content of the documents they will be analyzing. Others who will evaluate this Analysis Document in the future should not interpret the Anti-State and Anti-Corporate implications that the evaluator eventually finds and analyzes in the documents of The Wonderful World of Gibsy, An Unexpected Disappearance, An Expected Appearance, Jack Parlance Who Misses His Family, or the Biggest Shit of All Time as reflective of the social or political views of the current evaluator. These should instead be a reflection of the views of the unknown author who should, hopefully, be more clearly identified in future documents as data about the work in question is further organized, revealed, and analyzed.

###Page 241###

Annotations included within the text are to be linked through hyperlinked extensions. Future Data and Information Researchers, Scientists, and Analysts can access these notes or annotations through clicking on the hyperlinks included within the text itself and are also welcome to add their own annotations which the current evaluator can both approve and disapprove of upon their completion.

Lastly, the current evaluator is at an absolute loss as to where the exact location of the setting within the document is meant to entirely exist. This is another aspect of the document that puts the work's fictive and realistic elements into question, as mentioned earlier. The current evaluator would assume, based on descriptions of the setting within the text, that the document's action takes place within Walt Disney World, the current corpus of the M.A.S.S. that is rumored to exist above the surface of the underground tunnels, but currently, this assertion, assumption, or inference, for the moment, is unverifiable. The setting, alternately, is described as existing within Malt Gibsy World, an alternative setting that seems to mirror that of the Walt Disney World complex. Why this choice was specifically made by The Author is currently unknown, but this choice will and should be parsed out within future Analysis Documents.

###Page 242###

Now becoming a researcher of the underground, and evaluating an individual who has not yet been able to enter the surface, the current evaluator is especially unable to verify whether even Disney World itself is, truly, the contemporary corpus of the M.A.S.S. since this question does not pertain to their current research. It is entirely possible that Malt Gibsy World is instead the more accurate reality above the surface and that Walt Disney World is what exists underground. Whether this collective notion is correct, or whether the setting of The Wonderful World of Gibsey is the more accurate and real representation of the existence of life above ground regarding the mediated state of our world is an area of continual uncertainty which the current evaluator will have to determine and explore further in future analysis documents.

If, as a Data and Information Researcher, Scientist, or Analyst, you have become distracted by the many forms of analysis, repetitive justifications, and questions of the above document, the current evaluator apologizes for these possible infractions of protocol. However, they must persist in their analysis. Under the many pressures that exist due to a lack of funding, as well as the singular nature of their current evaluative task in collective to the Corporate M.A.S.S., the current evaluator would like to emphasize that they are very much doing their best. The following document provides access to the first text in question: This document appears to be one part of many that will warrant future analysis. As mentioned, the current author of the preceding text has yet to be identified, but further analysis will consider the A.D.D. agent Jack Parlance, whom the current evaluator is monitoring and who is also the named character within the said document. This and future Analysis Report Documents in this series will consider Parlance as the possible author. A short description of Parlance's activities and whereabouts is to be provided after the following attached document.

###Page 243###

D.A.D.D.Y.S-H.A.R.D #34: Daily Agency of Data and Detection Yearly Summary- Hierarchical Analysis Report Document #34 Information and/or Data Scientist/Analyst Under Review: Jack Parlance The Author of Analysis Document: Jacklyn Variance Date of Entry: Unprovided/Withheld/Redacted Text(s) in Question: Jack Parlance Who Misses His Family [Attached Below] Report Code: X482-572-2176G

The thought first came to Jack on a previous Thursday, light ricocheting in through the blinds to splash perpendicular across the cream-white walls of his office, coming to him through the liminal zone between 4 and 5pm where it's quietly acceptable to leave the A.D.D. offices, a time which also holds the unspoken rule-what is an office without its unspoken rules?-that if one does leave between 4 and 5pm often enough, then one's work-ethic and reliability may increasingly come into question despite the fact that no one does anything at all between 4 and 5pm. Which is likely why, while waiting to stay in the office long enough to seem productive without having to actually do so, this thought came to Jack. It involved yet another thing missing from the game he hoped to code, something he decided the game may even be missing more than anything else: the concept of family.

And in this way, Jack was similar to the game he was hoping to create: he was missing his family. But it was less that he missed their presence from his life than he experienced their absence from it. Or even better, it wasn't that he was missing them, it was that he was missing from them.

###Page 244###

Three years ago-a redundancy, aside from the corporate clock that hurdled them all through transportative blurs of ever increasing speeds, no one really kept track of time anymore, or at least no one had the capacity to any longer-Jack had abandoned his family. However, in his mind, they'd abandoned him. He felt he'd been left with no other choice but to do so. All he'd done was enact the bitter conclusion of all of their dysfunctional logic, a logic which had existed from the very beginning.

And maybe he was right?

Maybe they had and maybe it had?

Their initial protests to the contrary only ever seemed to reinforce this view of his.

But the realization-the missing piece of the game, incorporating the subject of family, that restless root that so much, so many, of his world(s) revolved around, but which for him, now represented only one rotating body of so many (and if so, within such a metaphor, what was then to become his sun?)-it provided no comfort to him, and if anything, it only caused him even more distress.

Family was the center of both Gibsey itself and Gibsey World, or it was certainly claimed and popularly admonished as being so. It existed as the subject of so many of its classics. From Tolstoy's repetitiously unhappy families to the infinite difference of Everything Everywhere All at Once, nearly every Gibsey product pointed back to the same thing: family.

###Page 245###

Its absence from the game represented another idea he'd struggled to write, and would continue to struggle to write, let alone code, yet another problem which would be impossible for him to solve. How was he to consider how to incorporate his family, when the thought of them alone, itself, was too painful to even consider?

Everything he'd do from now on, ever since he'd left them, would go against everything he'd ever known before.

He was treading on new ground, the actual and terrifying new.

Maybe this meant he'd become what he and so many others had been hired to search for and stomp out, over and over again, within the limitless objectives given to them by the Agency of Data and Detection, which itself was only one of so many agencies of its kind within the M.A.S.S market.

Maybe he'd possibly become a subversive agent?

This was not what Jack had ever wanted to be.

If anything Jack wanted nothing more than for his existence to remain entirely obscure.

But subversive agents were never obscure.

The agencies, his world itself, the landscape, wouldn't allow them to be.

###Page 246###

Or to put this another way, Jack didn't know very much about his world, but he did know that his professional life shouldn't at all be like his personal one. There should be a separation. His familial problems had been bad enough to begin with, so there was no reason not to try to whack-a-mole them out of his everyday experience, out of his memoires even, if he could.

And in this way he was, as he would always be, just like his family. He was (and is) a product of them, after all, and he was like them because he was, and often is, just as incapable of confronting himself as they were and still are. He may have been more capable of observing himself than they were, sure, but in reality, what difference did that make? As any writer, game developer, or storyteller well knows, there is a stark contrast between observing something and confronting it.

And this was an essential difference, it was maybe even the difference between a static and a dynamic character, if such definitions were worth being established, after all.

###Page 247###

It was why agents such as himself were always expected to remain continuously objective within their work: to observe was to maintain order, and to confront was to change, subvert, and risk spiraling, splitting, into chaos.

And no, no, no, no, no.

That would not do.

It would not do, at all, could not be done, especially not by him.

He wouldn't do it, or certainly never intended to do so.

But here he was, having done it.

Could there ever have been, could there ever be, a separation between one's personal and professional life?

###Page 248###

"Work-life-balance" was the name for such an acidic idea, and it could easily be found repeating itself incessantly within the idiolectic matrix of many of the agency's quotidian and continuous training modules, and the achievement of such a balance was never the agency's responsibility. Of course not. How could it be? A.D.D. didn't have agency? It was its agents themselves which had agency, or they at least had enough agency that it was their responsibility to achieve such a balance. It was their own personal and individuated struggle to achieve this balance, a responsibility which proved they had agency to begin with, didn't it? And this meant, just like the job itself-his job being like so many if not all of the others-meant that one could only achieve such a balance if one was to observe rather than to confront, to maintain order rather than to subvert, to remain professional and never personal, to strive for happiness and never its alternative, despite any and all problems or symptoms which may present themselves, no matter what they may or may not be, and of course, none of this had (or continues to have) anything to do with the maintenance and power (or the maintenance of power) of the agency itself (meaning A.D.D. as agency, not Parlance's own; Parlance hardly had, or hardly has, any agency at all in the matter, as any observer could easily tell), and I, Jacklyn Variance, as the observer of this collection of data and an ADD agent myself, do find it essential, however discouraged it may within A.D.D. protocal, to insert myself here (with the purpose of long-term objectivity) in order to note that none of these observations are being made as intending to suggest anything negative or critical of the agency itself (meaning A.D.D.), whatsoever. None of what has been written, either within this document or within future documents, is intended sarcastically or flippantly in anyway, and therefore, I am trying, by saying so, to make my intentions clear that I am not in any way attempting to insert any sort of subversive actions into this analytic document pertaining to my current subject, Jack Parlance, and I am instead observing his capacity for subversive action, or his much more preferable lack thereof, if any is at all even possible.

###Page 249###

From what I've laid out, it should be clear that the system which I 've been discussing in the recent passages of this Analysis Document is quite efficient, the truth of which has nearly become an objective reality itself, an entity, a corporation. Although all observations, since they are always made by individuals (or at least almost always), are nothing if not subjective, so I've chosen to insert myself subjectively here in order to make my own objectivity more definitive, as well as my intentions, my objectives. It is not the efficiency or inefficiency of our systems which is in question within this document, but instead, it is Parlance's individualized, differentiated inefficiency, his inability, yet again, to continue coding his game because more and more he's realized, or he's realizing, that there's an essential part of his game's story that's missing: his family.

Even games can tell narratives and create myths, after all, maybe even automatically so, before we've even created them, at least if they're based on rules that can be followed and recreated, remade, even before their time, structures waiting to animate form, to become form animated, like palaces of cumulative memory.

What is (and was) missing from Jack's imagined game was the concept and subject of family, and Jack's inability to include the concept of family wasn't only due to his inadequacies as a storyteller, but his inadequacies as a person, personal or professional.

###Page 250###

Jack had abandoned the most essential of all Gibseyan themes: family.

Even if for good and justifiable reasons, what individual is capable of doing so without destroying themselves?

The magical bonds of family represented a bond so supposedly essential to one's personal development: attachment.

Or to put it another way: identification.

The possibility of both, of either, had now been severed for Jack, maybe even permanently.

One cannot attach oneself to oneself.

One must attach oneself to another, to an other.

What other reason was there to have such a Gibseyan emphasis on family?

Who in this universe of ours that we created for ourselves, by ourselves, would specifically choose to be alone, and all by one's choice?

Why else would one of the earliest, arguably most essential of all of the Gibseyan Mystic scriptures, a classic beyond all other classics, among others, why else would it involve that soft, vulnerable Italian deer, Bambino, forced to confront a similarly traumatic horror to Jack's? What else did it exist to say if it didn't intend to express the horror of the loss of one's familial bonds?

###Page 251###

And what potent imagery? The pivotal opening scene begins, when witnessed by a keen observer, listener, or A.D.D. agent, with a centralized image, the dotted growth of spring grass in bloom, as dainty and unprotected as the swirling fuzz of hair on a newborn baby's head, and oh, how they smell! There's nothing else like their freshness because there's nothing more beautifully detached than a new born baby. They are wholly and uniquely without agency. Their own agency must be taught, or if thought about in a slightly different way, must be theatrically reinforced.

And so the scene starts with those trepid follicles of grass, of grace, symbols of the new, the vulnerable new, not unlike Bambino, so small and innocent, so easily relatable, attachable, so susceptible to audience identification, chomping at the newness of spring.

"Spring grass!" Bambino blurts out with astonishment, noticing the little feast.

Funny, I always thought Bambino was a girl, but she isn't, or wasn't, or at least wasn't identified as such in the film, the scripture, the classic.

###Page 252###

At the start of the scene, Bambino is falling in love with spring, and who can help but be entranced by the new, even if one tells oneself one isn't? And because of this love, Bambino wanders. And in this way, does the scripture imply that it's Bambino's wandering that causes her own mother's death, this wandering itself being a form of detachment, just as spring itself is a form of detachment from winter?

No, this observation would be an absurdity.

It's Bambino's innocence, even ignorance with which the audience identifies. The audience, be them children or adults-the boundary between the two, especially during this scene, while watching the loss of Bambino's mother, dissolving-and like all cyclical scriptures or Gibseyan classics, existing beyond time, and what is it to be a child or adult aside from a marker of time? How traumatic to have one's identity collapse, and so no wonder the brain compensates or confronts?

Audiences can't help but see themselves in Bambino.

All are detached and attached, the most detached and the most attached, the neglected and cared for, and even one's own response to such treatment, or trauma, itself, is arbitrary.

###Page 253###

One can never forget the ever present falling of the snow during such a scene.

The snow itself is brought to the foreground and arguably becomes the central image of the scene.

Nothing spreads more than snow.

Nothing collects itself to itself more, not even Gibsey World.

Nothing is more collective.

It is the plummeting and accumulation of purity itself, which the spring has come to desecrate.

Spring, in such a context, is the coming death, the ever present death, here to obliterate the winter just as Bambino's mother is soon to be obliterated.

The voices ring out.

The ringing out of gun fire, the eternal slap of the shot.

We shoot films like we shoot deer.

To film is to hunt.

And it is not the camera which has agency, or the hunter's rifle which snaps winter into sudden wakefulness, which leaves Bambino to forever wander, this time, a wandering much different than the initial wandering caused by the wonder of spring.

There may not be any agency to be found in such an image.

###Page 254###

Bambino is soon to be left to mutter repeatedly that eternal phrase, "Mother?" within the layers of snow falling, as they push Bambino further and further into the background, making her (or him) more and more distant from the audience as they grow more and more attached to Bambino, and to Bambino's abandonment, the forced abandonment, of course, which is not caused by Bambino's agency, but a lack thereof, the snow ever falling, that frontal layering of its flurry, the chaos of snow, falling, creating layers within the layers, habitating accumulations of meaning, Bambino's continued wandering, "Mother," a singular noun used to pose the plurality of a question, a series of questions, falling, to question, to be questioned, to be forced to question one's own identification with one's own mother, not a misidentification, but a disidentification.

Poor, poor Bambino, fading backward, being pushed not just by the foregrounding snow, but by the liminal darkness of the dead winter trees, columns of age and maturity, here to temporarily dominate the frame and provide emphasis and meaning.

###Page 255###

And what is being emphasized?

These dark trees are here to replace Bambino.

Dead, they are still, natural, organic, and ominous. They are objects, here to contrast Bambino as subject, Bambino as subject retreats, is pushed to retreat, all as the audience is retreating within themselves.

Like all Gibseyan scripture, like all Gibseyan classics, this is something, a scene, which all audience members have experienced before.

And they will again.

It is eternal.

Bambino, both the character and the title of the film, not an uncommon choice in the early scriptures, is the saddest most memorable creature to have ever existed on screen.

What newness of experience, what isolating intimidation to stand before the coming tower, the rising tower, to face the Buck, to stand and be confronted by the fatherland itself, distilled into a singular image.

"Your mother can't be with you anymore."

###Page 256###

And the buck's phrase is very aptly put.

It would be entirely too easy to accidentally assign blame to the mother, the abandonment.

Why had she let her own little one wander?

But there is no blame.

There is no neglect.

There is no agency.

There is not even a true absence because the attachment, the essential attachment, was only ever theatre, and all Bambino is being forced to do is to confront the reality of their own eternal separation.

For Bambino, the fall of his mother (or her mother, as I, Jacklyn Variance, often thought, this reading being justifiable even objectively because as any audience member should know, women can identify with male characters just as males can identify with female ones), their mother, is a falling from life, the beginning of this fall, the inevitable plummeting of innocence, the plummeting of spring, the death that comes with the new. But the newness, our newness, can't be helped, and neither can Bambino's.

###Page 257###

If an audience holds Bambino responsible then they have misidentified the character. Their emotional connection to the film has been entirely severed and by choice, the terror of such a scripture, all the animating terror of its liveliness, is killed and made dead. And this would be caused by a conscious choice, conscious choices being nothing if not a sign or symbol of agency, that which Bambino lacks.

And this is Parlance's horror, not the scene itself-he hasn't even seen the film before, bumbling consumer that he is, which the rest of us will be fated to experience and re-experience-but his horror can be posed as a question, this time, formed from much, much more than a singular noun.

Who would choose to abandon their own mother?

Jack Parlance would and did.

He has and still is, at least according to his family.

This made him some kind of monster, didn't it?

Or into one?

He'd done it all, and he'd done it to himself.

No Gibseyan film has ever existed that isn't about family.

To wander from such a subject was to wander to one's own death.

Family was Gibsey.

And Gibsey was family.

It was like an agency in this way, a theatrical role.

He'd soiled the sacredness of his work-life balance.

###Page 258###

Family colonized both the mind and body, the personal and the public, let alone the spirit.

It animated all things, was in all things, endured all things.

And as such, what would his remake of Bambino be like?

Parlance, the remake's title.

Spring grass falls across the foreground of the frame.

Close up of a patch of ice appearing, seemingly, out of nowhere.

This is not a forward moving of time.

This is a cycle in reverse, a movement backwards, a backward movement, a backyard, a retreat.

But a retreat from what?

From conflict itself?

Wouldn't that itself be a conflict?

Unlike Bambino, he isn't entranced by the ice.

Having to see the ice is a tragedy.

It is the death of the winter to come.

All remakes, like all families, however separate, repetitious, or original their adaptations, cannot help but contain traces of the original film.

Or memory.

And in this way, they're haunted by them.

Memories.

###Page 259###

We are all haunted, horrifyingly haunted, fated to wander.

We accumulate ghosts like the falling of spring grass.

We become ghosts, livers of life in reverse, falling.

We haunt others, just as Parlance is haunted by his own family.

He is (or was) conflicted about the thought, originally mentioned, his realization of the absence of family from the story of his game, and is conflicted about it because he knows to do so, to construct such a narrative, would be too much for him, will be too much. It may even be too difficult to remember them ever again.

He would rather forget.

He will choose to forget and already has.

It is too upsetting to even remember them.

This, above all, proves his own agency, fault, blame, and guilt.

It was almost as if he lived in a world where laws themselves had been made illegal, so to be innocent, and to claim one's innocence, was to admit guilt and condemn oneself, because to claim innocence was to assume that such laws existed, to become guilty by default, a garden of good and evil, like a tyranny of choice, or like a chalice of ice melting in a green, spring meadow, waiting for someone to come upon it, to experience that eternal shock of the new, a newness itself to contrast against the newness and blankness of a dull, expected spring, a small patch of ice that could only ever melt.

There was no salvation for him.

He'd chosen damnation.

And he'd done it to himself.

And his family had agreed.

All of them, every single one of them, had agreed.

###Page 260###

But he also knew how powerful it would be for whatever story he told to include the bonds of his family, details which would be the heart of the story of whatever game he'd later create: how his mother would often sing them awake in the mornings (and how classically Gibseyan was that?), the sound of his father's laugh, a laugh which happened often, the way it revved up and ignited like a lawn mower engine being pulled into life, their liveliness, or their strangeness, their relationship to time, which he'd first fully noticed when they'd shown some videos they'd kept of their lives before having children, before the fall, on VHS tapes, together, early in their marriage, before the weariness of responsibility had taken hold, and these images had transfixed him. He could watch them forever, he felt, even at such a young age, because they were a record of their now dead youthfulness, their newness, a youthfulness he'd never ever seen within them before, that he'd never been given the chance to see, yet here it was, with all the dotted grain and nostalgia of its context along with it, the color palette of the past itself seeming different than his present, and it was a past that could never be recreated. Its colors were a set of colors, a series of colors, that radiated with a now faded authenticity, as did his parents, and his grandparents, and their friends that came in and out of the various ever-changing shots and locations, friends of theirs, most of whom he'd never met, which his parents had even commented on upon first showing the old footage to him-he doesn't remember if the video images had been digital or physical, he grew up in a period between material and digital forms (or spiritual? Wait, did this mean that digitization was a spiritualization, a theater, a haunting, like the images that had transfixed him also were?)- saying things like, "That's Sammy. God, we haven't spoken to him in years," "Ah, Melinda, what a sweet girl. I wonder whatever happened to her?" Or, "Oh, look, that's Ben Kneeman. He was very close with your grandfather," none of which he'd had any context for, but it was the lack of context, the fact that they'd existed well before him, without him and his siblings, as their only context, this was what had ignited him with hope and revelation. He didn't feel jealous or insecure finding this record of their life without him. If anything, it made him feel more connected to them.

###Page 261###

They'd been just like him.

They'd been happy.

This was an alternative to what life would be like.

One could be happy!

It was clear, this was what would happen to all parents, on some level.

Their exhaustion, the weight of their current lives was inevitable and couldn't be helped. He knew that, could sense it, and deeply. He just hadn't yet seen the alternative. Hadn't even contemplated its existence. And here it was in all of its radiant glory.

And it had made him want to become a parent one day.

It made him want to give his own child the same radiant self-awareness: to see himself within another and to see them within himself, to connect, to identify.

Parlance.

His parents had lost something, as Bambino had, an innocence, but what he'd never realized before, and what he realized then, was that this loss assumed a connection, that a period of liberation, however brief, had once existed, and that he himself could, now that he recognized it, attempt to recreate such a period of liberation, if he wasn't even already experiencing it, repeating it, reflecting it, then, within the purity and newness of his innocence.

###Page 262###

But he was no longer experiencing it.

One need not have children to lose such an innocence.

Anything at all could cause it to be lost.

The cause was not what mattered, but the effect, its universal sustainability.

And the images, those old videos, were like the memories he could no longer conjure up as inspiration for the game, despite even his knowledge of their power.

And there were so many.

Too many to name, let alone further identify.

None of this has even begun to mention his siblings.

He was the youngest of four.

His oldest sister, Brandi, sitting atop her white, wicker desk, staring at the framed photo of a violin surrounded in rose petals she'd hung on her wall; he'd always been told that he was her favorite. She seemed to feel less competitive with him than the others, more paternal.

###Page 263###

And his brother Brayden, his many pranks and jokes-which he himself later lost the motivation to continue due to the weight of passing time-most of which had been harmless; he was notorious for mooning them constantly, for dropping his pants at the drop of a hat, even at the most inappropriate of times, even going so far as to draw images on his ass in preparation for the various act (smiley faces, Xs, you name it, and how had he even done so, on his own ass?) for its random recipient to bare witness.

And there was his sister Jennifer, 7 years away from him and closest to him in age, she'd affected him deeply, had shown him so much about what being alive would be like, for good or ill, represented so much of its best and worst possibilities, all he would want to either maintain or subvert, the hundreds of boardgames, the vacations and trips, putting on a raincoat to disguise himself and burst into the room while she was hanging with a group of her friends, and he'd been so disguised, so how could she've identified that it was him?

But despite whatever memories he couldn't even conjure any longer, they'd all, in his mind, been just as culpable in his inevitable retreat.

###Page 264###

He was the youngest, so his position as observer rather than participant had existed from the very beginning. To him, all he'd done was share his observations, but to his parents and siblings, his observations implied a confrontation, and they did not agree at all with what he was asking them to confront.

He hadn't understood this.

There was no confrontation that he was aware of?

How could there be?

He was a part of whatever he was observing?

He'd tried to explain this to them again and again.

He was a part of the family, was formed by it, had been brought into existence by it, and all he'd wanted to do was help them to be happy like they'd been before, to help them return to what he'd once seen, to ease the pain and horror of their seeming denial. He hadn't spoken of anything they weren't already aware of, or which they'd denied was real. What they'd denied was a willingness to listen to the observation to begin with.

They'd chosen not to identify.

The beginning of the end was when his siblings came to the decision to longer speak to him individually. It would be discussed as a whole family, or it wouldn't be discussed at all.

This provided no room, no possibility, for intimacy.

This move was, according to his siblings anyway, to preserve the family.

But he knew what it meant.

As a group, the family would continue to preserve itself, and this meant that nothing but public humiliation and shame was left for him to endure.

And thus, he'd become a sacrificial lamb.

Or deer.

###Page 265###

Either nothing would happen at all, or an example would be made of him.

And this was the worst of all possible outcomes.

Even their individual discussions had fractured into the trauma of nightmare, of mis-dis-and-ex-communication, the kind of nightmare where the subject, who is almost always yourself (but not always), tries to speak, is desperately trying to speak, only to find their voice silenced, stolen by some unknown entity, physically, mentally, or in some other more dreamlike capacity.

The exact content under discussion didn't matter, it never does, what matters is the force of the nightmare, its effect, which frightens you awake, but Jack is now awake without any dreams to wake up from into any alternative reality, or at least not that he has found or yet been made aware of.

###Page 266###

And so he's come to believe himself as excommunicated, and maybe he even has been. Evidence didn't point to any of his observations being embraced in such an environment.

Like the content of any given dream, the root of the Parlance family's dysfunction, what Jack had identified, didn't really matter. It could have been ideological differences, differences of a political or religious origin, his sexual orientation, or his choice of gender, or his views on sexual orientation or gender, or none of these things, and anything else. The content didn't matter. What mattered was the denial, the lack of identification, of whatever he'd brought to them, the effect. Miscommunication had transformed to an unspoken ex-communication, which led to Jack speaking and conjuring his own ex-communication into existence, all of it in some search for some kind of agency, and all of it had now left him not knowing how to write his family, or even the concept of family itself, into the game he'd hoped to code, but which he was never even coding.

Another of his many repeated failures.

But both like and unlike The Biggest Shit of All Time, a coming attraction later to be unearthed from the Gibseyan vault, upon reflecting, or upon reflection, he'd found a solution.

###Page 267###

It came to him outside of liminal time, at work, mid-morning, the home and shelter of his corporate clattering, chatterering. He could do the dreaded thing every (or at least most) aspiring artists are often forced to do-be it filmmaker, writer, painter, video game developer, or any other-embrace the old and focus group tested idea of the cliche.

He'd kill off his family, metaphorically speaking, of course.

Patricide.

Wasn't this what had happened to Bambino? Dumpo? Cinderino? Didn't even Andrea eventually abandon her toys in the classic Toy Narrative franchise? And it was in all of the superhero texts, as well, a terrible familial trauma that's mirrored by another trauma, the bite of an insect, or an alien or animal or artificially-intelligent origin, or like with the classic CD Comics superhero Lemurman and his parent's murder, or even UltraPerson's less violent origin-everything with UltraPerson was always sanitized, more conservatively Gibseyan, if such a thing is possible-and even UltraPerson's parents weren't even his own; he'd been adopted as an alien, left there by parents whom he'd never find, no story without such an absence, without the becoming of a ghost, which the stories themselves haunt, time, and wasn't this all a conservative position? One of conservation? As effective and efficient as any other family or religious order or ideology with all of their endlessly deferred golden ages, or with any of their many nameless, formless, ever-changing enemies to snap one's synapses into fear and paranoia, even after the said enemy has been vanquished, since it could always return, at any moment, couldn't it?

Wasn't it fated to always haunt them all?

###Page 268###

But even "the new" was also haunted, haunted by the loss of itself, or its inability to sustain itself within the collective imagination. The new has (or always had) even become the new haunting, artists and thinkers across the Gibseyan landscape developing newer and newer ways of haunting themselves, or of being haunted, the creation and dispensation of ghosts, no longer the cliche home-pain of nostalgic familiarity, but the wholesale manufacturing of displacement, disembodiment, dismemberment, dissection, and ex-communication. All the refugees and refuges of the entire subversive underground, even it and they were also haunted, even if ultimately, it was they who were haunting themselves.

Who else could be doing the haunting?

Ghosts aren't some lonely unknown outsider trying to haunt the living.

And to think of them as such was to make the same mistake as the Parlance family.

They were always haunting themselves.

Because there was no outside.

You are always outside.

Always backyard.

When we haunt, and we will always haunt, we can only ever haunt ourselves.

It isn't our responsibility as much as it's our own inevitability, our lack of control.

No one is ever haunted that is in control.

And no one is ever in control.

We are all outside.

###Page 269###

Especially not Jack Palance, as vulnerable as any Bambino, as displaced and alien as any UltraPerson.

His first two siblings, like UltraPerson, had been adopted.

His parents, for years, had wanted children, but were unable to have them.

Suddenly and accidentally, as often happens when a lack of intention weasels its way in between the spaces of our lives, the unexpected, the new occurred.

They had two more, two more non-adopted children.

The adopted children Jennifer and Jack were not unwanted, but their fate hadn't been initially planned. The un-adopted children, Brandi and Brayden, were initially unwanted, but their fate within the Parlance family had been planned from the very beginning.

From Jack's perspective, the Parlane's did everything they could to make sure Brandi and Brayden never felt out of place.

They were never othered, nor should they have been.

###Page 270###

If anything, Jack felt they may have even overcompensated a bit, an occurrence which he also understood and supported. This was certainly better than the alternative wasn't it? To be made even stranger within a strange land, to be rejected only to be faced with further rejection. Even Gibseyan films didn't paper over such traumatic and unfamiliar territory.

But this was why Jack had felt so alien.

He'd become, not a stranger in a strange land, but a stranger in a familiar land, a stranger to the familial, again they'd overcorrected, overcorrection or undercorrection being the inevitability of all parenting, after all. (It is a horrifying and traumatic business both the constructor of this document and Jack Parlance wouldn't wish on even their worst enemies).

Like Gibsey manufactures fantasy, parenting manufactures a complete and total lack of control.

The word for it is vulnerability, or another, love, if there was (or is) a difference between the two.

One has to wonder if they have a reciprocal, borderline identical relationship to one another Gibsey and fantasy, parenting and control, but then again, maybe also-

###Page 271###

To return to Parlance-Jack, that is-that stranger in a familiar land, that Joseph wandering in Egypt, recognizing his brothers without their own recognition, this time without the final reveal, the prodigal returned, only to be turned away. And the Parlances were deep believers, at that, such deep believers that no doubt could be tolerated, the ultimate threat to belief itself, a reformation in reverse, a response, a symptom, an over-reaction.

To reform was not to transform.

After all, even revolutions involved a return to an original state.

What the Parlance family, including Jack, himself being a Parlance, and who would always be a Parlance, seemed (or seems) to misunderstand is that any remake would always contain traces of the original, and as a result, would always be haunted.

There was no avoiding the haunting.

Any attempt was to invite further haunting.

But hauntings themselves, weren't scary, weren't some outside terror here to destroy all things.

They were just somethings which came from other somethings, mishaps, accidents, ironies, magic.

Fantasies within fantasies within fantasies.

The most magical place on earth.

He haunts.

He haunts.

He haunts.

###Page 272###

D.A.D.D.Y.S-H.A.R.D #35: Daily Agency of Data and Detection Yearly Summary- Hierarchical Analysis Report Document #35 Information and/or Data Scientist/Analyst Under Review: Jack Parlance The Author of Analysis Document: Jacklyn Variance Date of Entry: Unprovided/Withheld/Redacted Text(s) in Question: Jack Parlance Who Misses His Family [Attached Above] Report Code: X463-859-0914B

The document titled Jack Parlance Who Misses His Family included in the previous Daily Yearly Document Report relates to a number of repeated features found within many sections of the The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey documents, one feature of which that's important to consider regarding its possible subversive elements, is the repeated use of creative individuals stuck in a process of unfinished and endless development. This narrative structure symbolizes a material reality within the theme park of our civilization, one material example of which is the growing ubiquity of continued training and education within the MASS markets (the Media Analysis State Services departments), a technique now used ubiquitously within agencies like ADD, if not especially within these sorts of agencies.

One no longer reaches a place of stasis, a place where one can rest, a vacation without end where one can be finished, or where one's work is finally complete. Instead, what is commonly referred to as a "growth mindset" has been infused into the corporate parlance of most agencies.

###Page 273###

It is essential to note that Jack Paralance's behavior does not reflect an individual of Subversive means. Part of this is his dedication, if not down right addiction, to consuming various types of media throughout the landscapes of the park. As many data-analysts have observed, continued behavior devoted to consumerism is one of the easiest to identify patterns of the non-Subversive individual, and Parlance's large interest in film-making places him squarely in this category. He is an especially obsessed and avid-watcher of The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, the reality-show-as-film being continually shot and screened at various areas of the park, simultaneously. A recent untitled document has been located which chronicles his attending of such screenings, which will be recreated below for the purposes of this set of Daily Yearly analysis documents.

###Page 274###

D.A.D.D.Y.S-H.A.R.D #36: Daily Agency of Data and Detection Yearly Summary- Hierarchical Analysis Report Document #36 Information and/or Data Scientist/Analyst Under Review: Jack Parlance The Author of Analysis Document: Jacklyn Variance Date of Entry: Unprovided/Withheld/Redacted Text(s) in Question: Untitled Report Code: X199-575-8124C

Jack Parlance sits at small hotel desk at an Economy Room at The Gibsey Ecco Resort.

Notebook on desk. Lamp on. Likely late evening.

Writing.

He seems unaware that the focus of the film has now moved to him sitting in his hotel room apartment, unless his writing is intentional, which it may actually be. He's a known devotee of the more naturalistic and minimalistic communities dedicated to the ever-screening film, and being a devotee of the film himself, he's bound to find out sooner or later, depending on how long the focus remains on him, that he's now become one of its subjects.

But he may not have time.

The focus of the film is known to shift about incessantly.

But he also may already know the focus is on him, right this very moment.

Either way, his awareness or understanding isn't clear to the viewer.

###Page 275###

The entire scene may be performative or it may not be, or maybe that's his point, what he's trying to convey to the audience. or maybe he doesn't know anything is happening at all, isn't thinking about anything, and is just sitting at his hotel desk. Can the audience really know the contents of his mind as he sits there? Or can they maybe even perceive its content better than he can?

Freeze framing the image reveals that he's ironically writing about the film in his notebook as the scene begins. He appears to be off the clock, meaning that he doesn't seem to be writing or collecting data for ADD at the moment-though this is debatable, as well, since all writing is a form of data collection-and he is instead doing some sort of writing exercise or reflection in his notebook about the movie itself.

Writing may not be the correct noun or verb to document here, either.

He is attempting to write, wants to write, but has not yet put pencil to paper and stares at a blank page under what he's titled and underlined: What is The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey?

###Page 276###

Cast Members from the Props department later investigate this notebook of his to find previous entries that suggest his anxiety has increased recently, almost as if he's subconsciously aware of the coming shift of focus to himself, that his own life would finally, after all these years of being the observer, become one of the observed.

My anxiety's getting worse. It's in the air. I can feel that something is coming. But I don't know what it is. It's like a virus. Or maybe it could be one. Already is. Another one. I've become so afraid. The terror. Full of so much terror lately. Continual terror. Unable to sleep for very long. Coming down with a rash. Dizzy spells. But I don't think it's anything serious. But it has to be something.

###Page 277###

There's so much trauma that gets ignored, recreated, and analyzed, nearly every moment. Going to see a screening of the movie in a few minutes. I'm worried about what I'll find there. Every time I look I see something new. The terror isn't in not finding something. It's in finding too much.

(Exposition is given within the film as a possible window into Parlance's possible current emotional state that, for now, so early in the patterns of his unfolding, can only be inferred. But to return to the untitled attachment).

Jack Parlance sits at small hotel desk at Economy Room at The Gibsey Ecco Resort. Notebook on desk. Lamp on. Likely late evening. Writing. He begins to write.

###Page 278###

(One wonders if the audience should be given, through flashback, a recreation of some hint of the previous emotional state, the increased anxiety, mentioned in the previous section since his writing in this section seems instead more focused on Jack's thoughts on the film itself, or on the park rather than Jack himself, The line between the two in both reality itself and what he's writing is unclear. This could prove an important detail in the analysis of Parlance's SUBversive tendencies. A separate notebook entry with the same title What is The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsy? is included below recreated with the original spacing, paragraphing, and syntax built from memory, thus accuracy may be questionable).

A film, an amusement park, a space, an idea, a human monument, a landscape of terror and violence, the most magical place on earth, Gibstory, a man made environment, a liminal space, an infinite loop, a reflection, or a moment of

###Page 279###

Parlance pauses in his writing. This is the moment where it especially seems as if he may be contemplating whether or not he has become the real and current subject of the film. He looks up, lost in thought, playing with the end of his mechanical pencil, screwing it off and on again. Lead accidentally spills out. He gathers it up off the floor and puts it back into the pencil.

Is this a moment of improvisation?

How much is he aware of?

He smiles.

An action such as this seems too obvious not to be an unintentional one, though interviews with other Cast Members familiar with Parlance, in particular, have revealed that he's known for his absentmindedness, flights of fancy, digressions, insecurity, indecisiveness, a lack of focus and awareness, that he's unable to stay on any given subject for an extended period of time, that-for example-his being under investigation as a possible SUBversive agent is entirely unknown to him, and many even think it suspicious that he works as a writer and data analyst for A.D.D., let alone that the focus has shifted to him within the film entirely, while the narrative is still unfolding, that he may even be in the process of becoming a major character.

This has already ignited the social networks, though being constantly unaware of so many things, Jack is unaware of this.

###Page 280###

Parlance stops to write the title again, this time not underlined or italicized, and slightly adjusted: What is/are The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey?

Lately, the never ending, continually updated film seems to be focused on The Magical Dominion. But when will I become a part of the film? Have I already?

He stops again, looking up, again, slyly smiling. It may be important to note that this smile may only appear as a smile to a viewer who interprets Parlance as aware of his own awareness. He may not, in fact, be smiling.

I'll have to find out at a screening. It could happen. It really could happen this time.

###Page 281###

Not to provide extraneous notes aside from the events being observed but this would be a good time to flashback to the previous entry in Parlance's notebook, or at least its essence or recreation, it's remake, to a reminder of the events of the screening Parlance is attending later this afternoon, which is coming up very soon-hotel clock does read 10:56 am, despite the fact that Gibstory is dead, and taking the time for bus travel to the Gibsey Summers Shopping Area GMS Theatre Mega-Complex Wonderful Worlds Showcase Screening Theater 16, it's clear Parlance may be finding out within the hour, not a common occurrence within the film thus far, though it has become increasingly so, a sign that that our world itself may be becoming self-aware, may have signs of some sort of artificial intelligence, or general or extended intelligence, that its data has come to life, that its words have been made flesh, form animated, the environment itself being, or becoming, a living, breathing thing, not just an organization but an organism, a living being, an unfolding narrative, a corporate entity.

###Page 282###

Jacklyn Variance lingers, collecting data, notebook in hand, behind Parlance. Waiting in line for the bus to the Gibsey Summers Shopping Area, always waiting in lines, varicose, clustering crowds, strollers, obnoxious toddlers, the peeling paint of the railings.

Busses sigh when they reach curbs, and so does this one, images of Dickey Dog and Neptune painted on the side. Park goers enter the threshold of the bus. Seas of t-shirts, heading to Gibsey Summers.

It is shocking that he's failed to notice Variance after the hundreds of hours of being followed. For a writer and collector of data, his skills of observation are rather flawed.

Variance notices and observes, and never stops observing; Parlance doesn't even begin to observe, simply takes up space, plops in his seat, slump-shouldered, clicking through links on his phone to ease the subtle boredom of not being in his theater seat immediately. He's lost in thought of the hype of the film, the future, the possibility of its meaning, allowing him to hover like a kind of magic carpet ride, like a bus, a transportation system, above himself, temporarily.

###Page 283###

Another bus sigh as it jolts down to the next curb. Bodies pile out and click onward toward their destinations like blood cells rushing to capillaries. Circular and circulatory, he buys himself popcorn and a large drink.

Indications of his exorbitant spending on the habits of entertainment, at least exorbitant with the context of his salary in comparison to hers-the agent following him doesn't just best him regarding amount, but where she places said funds, where it's transported in the body of her financial intentions, the neural pathways she's carved out for herself; he has no financial intentions other than what he wants then and there at any given moment, and his debts just grow and grow- his ever-growing debts, shackles of commerce, butter and salt, sugary sweetness, images of ice peeling down sides of cups, images colder and more refreshing than the overpriced cardboard you slip into the circular cup holder to face the light, but he isn't there yet, she's still watching him waiting in line, always waiting in line, the piling bodies, the images, the moving images.

Even though she typically tries to be a passive observer, even she's a bit hyped at what image he'll find on the screen. Will it be himself? Will he have been able to catch himself in time?

###Page 284###

She's busy scribbling down the codes of her correspondence, tracing the symbols of his trajectory into the theater, trying to locate details she's thus far failed to include -hasn't even included a physical description-but was that even necessary? Or was it better to dive deeper, to risk the bends, to move ever further under the skin, and to peel back the epidermis to the generalized soft, pinkness of the flesh below? Or better, to spiral out to the specificity of his medium length brown hair, eyes not quite hazel, but definitely somewhere between green and brown, black t-shirt with a series of white stripes that flutter down it in what seems to be an intentionally unorganized pattern, eyes drooped and circled with the darkness of sleeplessness, likely the aforementioned growing anxiety, Parlance, stranded, island of insomnia, not wanting to sleep and with all that content to cram into his cranium to aid him in sweet, sweet avoidance, why not just stay up all night?

###Page 285###

The key insight, struggled into existence by the film's yet-to-be-identified author, was that all the film needed to thrust its audience into a narrative, all any narrative needed to burst forward from the shuttering-click, to swirl into existence from the light of life, was a time and place, the key insight being that all times and places were just that, times and places, times and places to be found, waiting to be known, longing to be known, documented and recorded, skipping beats, scratching records, grooves and edges galore, and so if all you need is a place and time to construct a narrative, and there is no place and time that isn't a place in time, then there never wasn't a narrative, not even once; everything was ever in a state of unfolding itself to the world.

Point the camera, pop the popcorn, crank up the prices, and watch the cash flow in. You could even put the cameras in their hands and make them the filmmakers, allowing them to then become both audience and filmmaker, an endless loop, a circulatory system, closed, finalized, and without end.

###Page 286###

But maybe externalities were bound to present themselves within such an arrangement, and Jacklyn Variance is about to notice one, the image of herself coming on screen as Parlance enters the darkness of the theater, walking subtly behind him, to halt in front of the image of herself, to see the image of herself, there in the dark, standing, not to see the image of herself, but watching a different version of herself, not one she remembers, or was it even a different version of herself or her same self?

Or she considers another possibility, is this some glimpse into a future event?

She's read many Data Reports on the sensation of deja vu, an anomaly of memory whereby one's recollection or sensation is centered around some sort of dreamed or not-quite-conscious experience that somehow remains sensed or processed as conscious despite its unconscious origin, defying one's sense of possibility. And like most experiences, this could happen at any time, at any point in someone's life, even at a younger age. And this is true, as Jacklyn remembers, if the memory is correct, a time in grade school, staring at her desk, convinced that her pencil was at an angle she'd seen before which existed outside of everyday reality, and her backpack had been there, as well, when she'd seen it, and the sound of her teacher's voice trailing off about some mathematical idea she suddenly didn't have the attention for. Why did it strike her with such familiarity? This sensation also could be induced, according to her training, still ongoing, of course, and agents were often encouraged to search out and attempt to consciously repeat this process regularly (if this process was, in fact, induced consciously, data analysts are still divided on the subject).

###Page 287###

The process begins with an observation, any observation, like staring at a screen, or outside a window, or looking into a frame, or even just staring out of one's own eyes, watching something, anything really. It requires the eye, or the mind's eye if vision isn't possible at the time due to mental or medical conditions or aberrations, or requires one to see something outside of oneself or to mistake something as outside themselves. However, this first observation doesn't involve full awareness of the thing being observed but instead involves a feigned sense of awareness, or a lack of awareness, distractions, lapses, or a distancing of oneself, one could say a separation. Although it might not quite make sense for this unconscious process to be consciously induced, it is, in fact, quite possible, and if anything, we do it all the time. Ever lost your train of thought? Ever started day-dreaming at work while the coffee's still steaming? Ever fell into a place that wasn't quite sleeping or waking, but was something else, somewhere else, entirely? There are entire places, such as Gibsey World, dedicated to inducing such states of mind in their viewers. It's a theme park, after all, a manufacturer of observations and excessive projections.

But the unconscious element is just the first step.

###Page 288###

After this observation is made-if "made" is even the correct term-a second observation is then necessary of the same material, and conscious awareness of this material is then implemented. The two observations are then combined into something other than their constituent parts, helping the observer, or analyst, to see things within their perceptions that would otherwise be unobtainable to their senses.

Something Jacklyn knows that very few of her ilk seem to be aware of, or at least most don't seem consciously aware of just yet, is that data analysis, retrieval, and observation is not factual, or at least certainly isn't entirely factual, because the "factual" material of one's observations are only what is taken in during the 2nd part of this process. Subjectivity may be discouraged, and even greatly frowned upon within A.D.D. discourse, but as Jacklyn has begun to reflect, and more and more everyday, this discouragement may not be to thwart or undo this said subjectivity, as is often thought; it may instead be to protect it. It's A.D.D. policy that the more unconscious one's 1st observation, and the more aware the 2nd observation, the better.

###Page 289###

And there was one more thing Jacklyn knew which she hadn't observed in most other agents, or which she at least hadn't seen just yet, maybe it would always be there, all along once she found it--it often is, maybe even always is, sitting there, waiting to be found by a willing observer-her key insight being that perception is essential to the experience, at least for any analyst worth their salt, because it's what animates the observation itself, what makes it uniquely hers, or theirs, and therefore what makes it a truly observed piece of analysis. Anyone can observe facts, list data, and repeat information. The agency has machines, clones, and intelligences of both artificial and extended means, as well as a few types yet-to-be-named since they're still in the process of their own development, all dedicated to collecting factual data of this kind at an increasingly rapid rate, feeding it back into itself, and multiplying. This was a theme park civilization built on the shoulders of the American empire, after all, shoulders that had been buckled down by the size and weight of all that had been collected from the very beginning. No, what they need, or needed, what the essential and competent analyst must always attempt, is to perceive, and upon perceiving, they would then transform the environment of their world.

###Page 290###

If every time and place is already and will always be a time and place, and therefore represents a narrative always in the process of unfolding, one could change this narrative, one's narrative, through this method of adjusting one's perception, but even then, this form of data collection was a dangerous kind, maybe even the most dangerous kind. It being based on one's individual perceptions, there was no ongoing training for how to implement and maintain such approaches, no customer service, no cast members to assist, no map.

Its threshold had to be entered into, alone.

You see something without seeing it, and then you look again, and so a splitting is involved.

And as Jacklyn stands, uncharacteristically frozen in the darkness of the theater, a memory comes to her mind.

His name was Preston.

###Page 291###

They were never romantically involved, but they were deeply interlinked somehow, something beyond even perception, something yet to be named because it was still in the process of its own development.

It'd happened to him at such a younger age than anyone would ever be able to understand.

The phone call, cradling the phone in her hand, late that Tuesday evening.

"It's Preston."

But this wasn't Preston's voice on the other line. It was someone who knew Preston calling to tell her something she wouldn't understand, which would take her a very long time to understand, that she may never consciously be able to understand.

The most powerful forces, the truly powerful forces, are the ones which escape all perceptions entirely, and if anything, this was why the process of maintaining one's perception was so important, to keep these forces at bay. If someone wasn't watching, who knew what chaos could be unleashed and run amok?

Was there anything more indicative of the process of observing than grief itself?

###Page 292###

She never saw it coming.

Sometimes you do, but not often.

Certainly not with Preston.

It didn't have a reason.

Reasons for something such as this would be insulting to reason itself.

It just happened.

Sometimes, it just happens.

She finds herself seated in church pews, later at picnic tables, trying to eat cupcakes but not even able to take a bite, and later, crying heavily, alone, driving to work, trying to pull herself together.

How had it happened?

How could she have been so careless in her perceptions?

Was there something she could have seen?

Some piece of data trapped in her memories that could unlock it all, that could help her go back, to transform the past that led up to this moment?

Did that also come down to perception?

###Page 293###

Preston was a filmmaker, notorious for never completing any of the projects he'd wanted to complete.

His entire existence was a cutting room floor, so much so that he never got around to making the masterpieces everyone knew that he could've made.

If he had, the world itself wouldn't have known what hit it.

Nothing could have prepared it.

Nothing.

And of course, that's why it'd been so hard for him to finish and so hard for everyone else knowing what would now forever be fated to be withheld from their world.

Days before, she'd talked to him on the phone quite a bit actually, a little bit more than normal, but not in any sort of way that seemed out of the ordinary. They talked on the phone quite often, after all, so she hadn't thought it out of the ordinary.

How could she have known?

Did she?

Did Preston?

Of the many details, the data, the facts observed secondarily, which she remembers constantly and repetitively now, from those talks, the most important detail, or the one which has stuck with her the most, was the title of a film Preston said he'd wanted to make.

"Splitter."

###Page 294###

He drank often, and was drinking then. She's pretty sure he'd burped loudly at this part of the conversation, but this detail wasn't gross or off-putting for Preston, it was part of his natural charm, jovial as Dionysius and agile as Hermes. He just couldn't see it in himself, hadn't yet made the 2nd observation, and arguably, maybe it's best not to in many cases, but with Preston, they all knew, if anyone should have seen it, or was deserving of being seen, it was him.

But the thing about Preston, however cheesy or Gibseyan it may sound, was that he didn't observe himself because he was truly, unflinchingly always seeing so much in other people, so much outside himself.

And all he did was see.

He was a man of vision, one could say.

"Do you know what a Splitter is?" He'd said to her.

She didn't know, hadn't known. She was seated in her yellow armchair, given to her from her grandmother. Her place a mess, deep into the more insecure, early period of her work, chatterering, gnawing frivolity.

What could she have done?

###Page 295###

"You know that thing you have to plug your headphones into? Before bluetooth, when we used to, ya know, and if you wanted this chord-it's this thing that gives you 2 headphone jacks at once. So what it is-you plug in the input into the output of what you want to listen to, and then it gives you two further output channels that you can plug into. Does that make sense? I feel like I'm explaining it poorly. It's about connection, really, and how it's a self-creating process, automatic."

"What? The movie?" It's late, but talking to Preston does usually get her in touch with a side of herself she doesn't get to see very often, the side where she can finally give herself a damn break for once, and so she needs a drink, wants one, and goes to the kitchen and makes one for herself. Phone in hand, against her ear, she drinks and wanders the tile of the kitchen floor like a labyrinth. They continue talking and she traces the lines of the squares, trying to stay focused on Preston's accumulations.

"Yeah. It's about establishing a form of communication between people struggling to communicate." He'd mentioned this plot to her before, but she can't remember it, can't place it. How had this been enough material to center a whole movie around, a type of headphone jack? It hadn't made sense at the time, but she kept coming back to it, observing and re-observing the title, not understanding what it meant.

###Page 296###

Splitter had other definitions she would later look into, as well.

A split, a breaking into parts, a division.

Or to share with another.

Strange how it meant both things at the same time.

The process of bringing about fission within an atom, fission being the division of an entity into two or more parts and the regeneration of those parts to separate entities resembling the original.

To issue new shares (of stock) to existing shareholders in proportion to their current holdings.

To end a marriage or an emotional or working relationship.

(Of one's head) to suffer a great headache.

To betray the secrets of and inform on somebody (and if A.D.D. was known for anything this was it!).

Splitten, the word of its origin, the landscape of its birthplace, Middle Dutch, late 16th century, referring to the breaking up of a ship.

###Page 297###

But what about a splitter in particular?

That was the exact title of the movie he'd mentioned wasn't it?

A person or thing designated for splitting something.

A person, especially a taxonomist, who attaches more importance to differences than similarities in classification.

And what the hell was taxonomy again?

A branch of science concerned with classification, such as the classification of organisms, though it can also be used to create an index of knowledge stored as documents, articles, videos, records of data, so that users can access information more readily.

But what about Preston's explanation, the headphone jack image? What did it have to do with anything?

A device with two electrical plugs that plugs into an electrical outlet, converting the outlet into a two-outlet converter.

That was a much better description than what he'd initially given.

###Page 298###

There was something vague about Preston's mother, in their previous discussions which she couldn't place, related to the story. She did remember their relationship, the disconnection, how strained it had become, how he'd cut off contact but had recently tried to rekindle the relationship, how she'd identified with him then, and Parlance later, cutting off her own family, herself, years later, splitting, away from it all, and here it was, in the dark, the connection, as she watches herself splitting in two, forming two separate outputs out of the single input, the energies coalescing, she realizes, somehow intuits, that this isn't the time where she'll be consciously aware of what's happening.

This is the first observation.

To split is to leave a place, especially to suddenly leave a place.

###Page 299###

There's an eternal rule in script writing, according to Preston's training, what's called the "bomb rule," where a filmmaker or storyteller places a bomb-some sort of object, tailsman, or image within the scene which the audience is aware of but which the characters are not-and so the audience, Jack Paralnce, still in the audience at this point, still watching the screened images of the infinitely being filmed and screened, all at the same time, The Wondeful Worlds of Gibsey, at the GMS Gibsey Summers Wonder Worlds Megaplex Theater, and watches the jump cut, the figure on screen no longer a separate Variance, but a splitting together, back into herself, as she runs from the theater at the terror of seeing herself on screen, and the bomb rule also applying here, to Parlance, since he's totally unaware that the figure on screen he's watching, at the beginning of the film, is a figure who's been observing him all this time, his secret handler, and that this is one of the only times in weeks, months, maybe even years, that she's taken her eyes off a given objective to retreat within herself, the cocoon of the self where he's always had the privilege to live and wander though, but together, their shared struggle, their culture on the attack whether they retreat inward or outward-they are always the ones to blame, blaming each other and themselves, and never the landscape itself that's formed them-leaving them no solution, the only solution to which is to sit in the darkness of the theater, enveloped in light, not even realizing the theatre where you sit is now the theatre where you watch the person who's been watching you, to let it pour over you like water into a container, to watch and observe the other you're conditioned to identify with film after film after film, no matter the quality or content, mistaking this figure like Jacklyn, as someone you know whom you know nothing about, may never know anything about, although you were always this other all the time yourself, retreating from yourself, until-temporarily-now.

###Page 300###

Jacklyn, as you disappear down the heavily air conditioned hallways of the movie theater and pass the posters framed in globular bulbs, cutting to a split-screen shot, Shot A, on the left, as you hurdle toward the door, Shot B on the right, as you thrust it open into the sunlight-nothing more fresh than those beams of sunlight that slash you in two when you push open the theater exit door, Jacklyn, Jacklyn-I need you to know: your ever wavering competence, your persistence of vision, Jacklyn, I've seen it.

I've seen you.

I'm watching.

I've observed you.

Many, many more times than twice.

So many times.

I've always tried to watch.

I can't help but watch you.

And who could help but watch?

All I have is time.

All we have together is time.

###Page 301###

When you need me, I will be there.

I am with you.

I will do what I can.

You will one day understand.

You will one day see.

You are held within a revolving orbit, like Gibstory itself, rhyming with itself, yourself.

The edges of your strip of film push past their frames.

And the film, its focus ever selective, arbitrary, its forced perspective, its perception, is to shift to another character, containing the future within itself, but before it does-

You've felt death, Jacklyn, I've seen it happen.

You've been handed its cardboard gauntlet of soda, flat, the ice melted, the carbonation long since gone, so many times.

Into your shaking hands.

###Page 302###

So committed to your work and your ever-present need to escape from a reality that never needed escaping from to begin with, the "bomb rule", longing so deeply to exist somewhere other than the landscape you reside in, that you may as well have already died, but somehow, you live.

Wishing it was you instead of Preston.

Cliche as a Gibsey film.

The trailer of coming attractions.

But this time, it's feel-good entertainment.

A popcorn flick.

The return of a classic.

A remake.

Infinitely screening in the preserved-by-the-fact-that-they're-now-landmarks landmark theaters

The music swells.

A theme, already heard previously in the film, repeats.

A refrain.

The images, when they come on screen, fill you with so much; the screen evokes so much.

Nothing like placing your heart on your sleeve as you sit there in awe before the images.

And you watch yourself, finding yourself again in the theater.

I've seen you do it so many times.

I've seen the tears peeking out of your eyes.

And I've seen you rub at them, pretending that they were an itch.

But I know.

I saw you.

You're so beautiful, Variance.

And you don't even see that you are, so hardly are you given the chance to see yourself because you're always looking.

And it's this lack of awareness itself that animates you.

###Page 303###

Though again, the film, the remake coming on screen.

The remake.

Your partner lays in the grass.

And you lay down next to them.

Your blue hair, the softness of your skin, the dead, digging, dirt below.

You're truly more content than you've been in a long time.

The backyard landscape, this backyard landscape, is like a window, is like a screen, it's like an image that's laid beneath a frame.

It's a hunger.

You love your dogs.

Ferris, your half-poodle-half-terrier, comes up to you, now that they're on the same level, ground-level, and he licks your face. Posey, your white schnauzer, sniffs around the backyard, searching for new smells and experiences.

You feel as if you've dreamed this all before.

And maybe you have, or did, or will.

###Page 304###

December afternoon.

A pale sky, ringlets of tree branches staggering in fractal play.

You shiver.

It's cold out, colder than you're used to.

Bundled up, rain on the streets, though it's no longer raining now.

A light fog.

Not a day has passed where you haven't thought of him.

You see him in the shirts still hanging in your closet.

In the baseball glove, the novelty joke check he wrote you when you were little, a million dollars--you had so little money growing up-a pair of his glasses in a slip case, and many more objects than this, more you'd like not to think about for now, but which you've placed in boxes which you and your partner move every time you relocate to a new apartment or house, and you hold a few of them every time you do, every few years, you get a chance to hold them again.

They evoke more than any screen ever could and will.

They are what all the screens are always attempting to illuminate

And I see you.

I see you illuminating within them.

I watch you.

###Page 305###

Jacklyn Variance, it's ok when you're not watching.

It's ok that you didn't always watch.

Who can?

And despite my own promises, my attention will also surely wander from time to time, as well.

I hope you can understand.

Didn't you know it was outside of your control?

What you said to them at the end?

All that you weren't aware of?

How could you have known?

I remembered when you told me.

I remember holding you.

You cried when you told me; you didn't want to end up like him.

The hospital.

Always returning to the hospital.

He was so lonely.

All you cared about is that you didn't want to end up like him.

You said it over and over again.

So lonely at the end.

###Page 306###

You made that dreaded observation.

The device he was playing at the hospital with a computer, over and over again, because he had no one else to play with.

Not your mother or sister or you.

There was no "happily ever after" then.

Well beyond Gibsey territory at that point.

Aside from Bambino, he tended to avoid that sort of thing, from what I remember.

But do you remember, years later, married, that trip we took to Gibsey World, blowing so much of the money we should've been saving, Magical Dominion, at the height of our exhaustion in that rotating theater, after all you'd put me through.

I was so angry with you then.

But did you lose me?

Have I gone anywhere?

Don't I wake up with you every single day?

###Page 307###

We always get back in line, "The Bomb Rule" refrain.

The audience retains an awareness that the characters lack.

But is there another form of that same rule?

A change of perception where the characters obtain an awareness that the audience lacks?

A presence within the absence?

Tell me then, Jacklyn, what do you see?

There's so much to see at any given time.

All you have to do is look.

And you can't help but look.

You're always looking.

I've seen you.

I've watched you.

I've-

###Page 308###

**The Last Auteur**

Cut!

Here is a director.

He wants to place you in the most creative, the most pleasurable, the most bang-for-your-buck, immersive bit of adapted vacational landscape in all the theme parks of Gibsey World, and this director, Marvin Scrillio, I'm standing on his set.

I'm watching him.

I'm fulfilling that myth of CEO as reader, standing there, watching him with a book under my arm, a novel, An Unexpected Disappearance, A Glyph Marrow Mystery, to be exact, and more about that specific text later.

I'm trying to act inconspicuous, not saying much, acting as if I'm not there, hoping to blend into the background, though there's nothing I can do, really, to be truly out of sight since my appearance is, on sets anyway, almost always noticed, if not expected. I'm the CEO of the whole damn thing, and not just of the company, mind you, but of the whole damn civilization, every part of it, big or small, above or below. All of it is mine to control and manipulate, not that I always achieve this control or manipulation, mind you, but I try. Gibsey World is my domain, so when I speak, when I poke my head in, when I give a nod or make my assessments, people perk up, artificial morale boosts, destructive behavior plummets, ass cheeks clench, and anxiety ensues. Even Scrillio, pompous ass that he is, director of this adaptation of the obscurely epical poetical novel he's renamed Wonderful Worlds has got to get his shit together because, when I'm on set, everyone notices. you have to notice, immediately.

It's like I'm magic.

###Page 309###

And you can tell he's pissed I'm there, sweat dripping, ears turning red with those dangling Howl's Moving Castle earrings of his-a Gibsyan classic if you ask me-and you have to wonder, are those the authentic earrings from the set of the live-action adaptation of Howl or did he actually purchase them? You never know in my business with so many obsessive types. We all adore the movies, don't we? Why else would we have gotten into this business? But Scrillio, pretentious ass that he is, seems to think he's got some kind of special love for it, that he's the only lover of the movies we've got left, like it's a monogamous relationship or something, as if that could ever happen with the polymorphous variance that is the movies. Why else do you think when a camera moves left or right that we call it a pan?

The trade papers just had to go and fuck with his head and publish all those headlines when his third movie came out. "The Last Auteur," my ass. How many times do I have to remind people that this company is practically bursting with artistic talent? Always has been. We always pick the best, and honestly, what do directors even do, anyway, but order around other people with more technical knowledge than themselves? Mini-CEOs in the making if you ask me, except without the same authority and vision, without the same self-delusion to sculpt actual physical worlds into everyday reality. The worlds they create, those are the truly artificial ones. They're the ones that are creating adaptations of the more original creations developed by men and women of my quality and stock.

Talk about true lovers of the movies.

###Page 310###

But don't get me wrong, we need Scrillio's fantasy to continue to exist. We have to. We absolutely have to. And we also need to believe in his fantasies. Gibsey World is a world of fantasy, after all. It's built on fantasy. Fantasy is its basis, its center which it revolves around. It's what keeps it functioning, spinning, so to speak, so if Scrillio doesn't think what the trades say about him is true and real, that he's the last auteur we've got left, and if we don't also think this about him, and even believe in it ourselves, then what becomes of the event film, or the art houses, let alone the prestige picture? These are all already on the decline as it is, and so you've got to believe in them. You've got to. We've got to have articles with titles like "The Last Auteur," blossoming in the trades, and old Gibseyan classics, like The Last Picture Show have to keep playing, forever screening and rescreening, in old, near-empty, preserved-by-the-fact-that-they're-now-landmarks landmark theaters. We all have to build a cannon of sorts, to build and rebuild our own Gibseyan Vaults. all the time. There's always some sort of golden age that never really happened where the greatest, shiniest, most dazzling star of all stars shined and continues to shine the most brightly.

Actually Arieol, stop typing for a second.

###Page 311###

Don't write this one down-this-what I'm saying right now. What I'm telling you, or actually, you know what? Do note it, but don't note it for the script. Just make a note of it for me, ok? I may have to stop you to give you some context during this process. But when I give you that context--what I'm telling you right now-know it's not for the script and so don't put it in, OK? Do you understand?

Ok, good.

Myth, in general, Arieol, it's what makes all the stars shine and keeps them shining, every single one of them, across the screen of the sky that we call the cosmos. And it's always been that way. It's all about as ancient as supply and demand, or the invisible hand, and it's just about as mythic. It's our own way of keeping our composure, of making order out of chaos, of limiting the infinite, of staying sane within an insane reality, but it isn't real, and it never was.

And we all have to do it in our own way, don't we Arieol?

And some of us with more power and know-how than others, of course.

###Page 312###

And so I'm on this set with Scrillio's ears turning red, and he's yelling "cut" like he's Sleeping Beauty coming awake for the first time, and it's the only word she can fucking remember.

But I have no sympathy for him.

None.

I really don't.

Not a fucking molecule.

I told him explicitly when he came to us to pitch this fucking project of his, I told him, remaking his first film, which already was an adaptation of an epic poem from an obscure and reclusive author whose identity has yet to be fully revealed, one that we're still attempting to locate, was not going to go well, especially during the production process, and especially while all the recent disasters and traumas have been occurring and re-occuring all around the park, but he didn't listen, did he?

Are you getting all this?

"Yessir, every word," Arieol answers him.

Good. Oh, and Arieol, do me a favor. Please make an especially clear note of what I've just said, so that whenever the idiot that's going to write my supposed biography says I was churning out prestige pictures that failed miserably at the box office, all under my watch, that the world can see what was really going on. Goddamn biographers make me sick. Can't even build a legacy themselves. Have to suck away at the lives of others, bleeding us dry, the leeches, blood-sucking vampires, every last one of them.

But I digress.

Back to the script.

###Page 313###

Scrillio directs the scene, in the state he's in, as best he can.

I think it's the intro theme song section in particular he's directing by this point? Clearly trying to hide that he's terrified that I'm there, that I'm on set, watching him, but I know what's been going on.

I've heard the rumors.

They've spread like vines, like viruses.

He can't fool me, and he especially can't fool his crew members.

He's losing it.

All that pressure he and all the articles are putting on himself, it's too much for any one man to sustain, let alone Marvin Scrillio, and well, I guess, you know what Arieol, I do have some sympathy for him. I'll admit it. I do feel for him, at least in some ways, with all that pressure on him, this being his third film after he revolutionized the industry with his first adaptation of The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, and when his second film bombed after so many of those disasters all fell upon us, The Tempestuous Storm. Even I can admit, the failure of his second film wasn't his fault. Even I could see that.

I may be CEO, but I'm not a fucking animal.

I can absolutely feel for others!

I can even empathize with them!

However, I'm not planning on showing him that empathy, mind you.

Not if I'm going to get what I want.

###Page 314###

Not if I'm going to get the budget cut which is the real reason why I'm there, on set, why I'm willing to be there, even as CEO of this whole thing.

And the budget of this thing.

My fucking god.

That was the real spectacle of it all.

You really should've seen it, should've been there, on set, to see it, as it was all happening.

There may have even been an actual goddamn golden age, and you know what?

That golden age?

It's fucking now.

This set he's gotten them to build, I mean, that he's gotten me to build, goddamnit-it's pretty much a full scale replica of the park entrance way of The Magical Dominion park, down to the smallest detail. It's as accurate as it could possibly be. A full simulation of the original. Down to the letter.

It might even be better than the original, could replace the original if it needed to, not that it ever will.

And you can see it, being in that landscape.

It's undeniable.

It's like you're really there.

###Page 315###

Being there, being on that set of his, it gives you a chance to reflect on it all, to see in ways you wouldn't be able to see in the original park, every last atom of the thing vibrating with the feeling and experience of that place. Life imitating art, art imitating life, and back again, and honestly, by that point, I don't know if anyone could tell the difference. Which, I mean, to give him his due, is probably what Scrillio was going for. I mean, I'll be honest. Scrillio's the one who demanded it be this detailed, after all, and with the budget on the damn thing skyrocketing through the fucking roof, him being The Last Auteur and everything.

Gibsey, it was fucking bull shit

But you know what? Even though I'm frustrated with him, even if the budget is climbing past the atmosphere, Arieol, I've got to admit, have to, it's certainly well done, high quality, top notch stuff, truly, but you know, also, like I've said, Scrillio's also losing it.

They always do at some point, don't they?

He's clearly cracking under the pressure.

But however dangerous it is, and I mean, my Gibsey, is it fucking dangerous how high this budget is getting, especially with him losing control like this, but however dangerous it may be, I do respect his commitment. As CEO, I may not like it, but I gotta respect it. I mean, come on, I'm a CEO. I appreciate authority of vision as much as anyone else, if not more so than anyone else, and here he is on this set yelling all sorts of things that would get any other director fired almost immediately.

###Page 316###

"Do the line again," "Are you some kind of moron?" "I want five cameras capturing this from 16 different angles," "No it doesn't make mathematical sense, but that's the logic I'm going for here," "Yes, illogical logic, that's what I'm saying. Dream logic. Make it happen!" "Do we not even have a crew that knows how a camera fucking works?" "What am I paying you for?" "I don't care if they all blur together, we're adapting poetry, you fucking idiot, what do you think is supposed to happen? The work is supposed to reflect a thematic interest, isn't it?" "If you say those exact words, in that exact combination, to me, ever again, I will impale you with a fucking spear," "What's your motivation? Your fucking motivation? Are you fucking kidding me with this shit? To be happy, you fuck, you're capturing the essence of an amusement park," "This is supposed to shamanistically represent the fundamental nature of our entire civilization, so if you don't feel it with your soul, mind, body, elbows, ass, mouth, tits, dick, balls, twat, hands, feet, vagina, all of it, in and around, within and without, every hole and orifice that you can name, touch, imagine, picture, project, symbolize, quantify, materialize, or muster, if you're telling me you can't do that, then get the fuck off my set!"

###Page 317###

Like I said, I respect his commitment.

Hell, I even admire it.

I'm a lover of the movies myself, but gibeydamnit, I'm also the CEO of this gibseydamn thing, and did I mention the fucking budget?

My fucking Gibsey!

And the crew's getting really worried by this point.

They've all put up with a lot by now, to say the least, and I'm gonna have to find some leverage somewhere.

It's started to get very, very serious, Ariel.

During dailies, Scrillio hasn't been keeping the shots straight and together in his mind like he used to, even with his script supervisor being as clear as possible with him, going over the notes in detail, like I am with you, explaining to him with as much precision as possible which sequence or shot he's being shown at any given time, even with everyone in the room anticipating his reaction, he seems to be hallucinating images entirely, rather than the one's he's being shown. What I mean is that, when he describes the dailies back to members of his crew, entire sequences within his perception seem to have replaced the original sequences. It's as if he isn't even seeing what's actually there, like he's somehow watching another film other than the one that he himself shot, like it was also being shot simultaneously.

And how do you create that kind of film and watch that fucking movie?

That's what I want to fucking know.

###Page 318###

And day before last, during lunch, a PA heard him weeping, quietly weeping, by himself, behind a curtain, and earlier in the morning, a sound technician heard him angrily punching dents into the restroom walls. They're all getting very concerned about him. You can tell just by being there, being on set, that the crew and the cast members are worried, but they're all keeping real quiet about it, not saying anything to each other, keeping it all hush-hush, and especially out of the media.

They're worried.

They're really fucking worried.

And no one knows what to do or say about it, and so that's why they call me on set with that book still under my arm. Oh, and I guess I've mentioned this book once already, so I can go ahead and give you some context. The studio's thinking about adapting it, that book I'm carrying with me. An Unexpected Disappearance is what it's called. It's a pretty well reviewed detective novel from what I understand. It's not important for me to go into detail right now. I don't think it's necessary for the script, but who knows, maybe it'll become necessary later? I can get into it later, but, well, I don't know if it's my thing, honestly, the book, I mean. It's too experimental for my taste. The main character's one of those deeply flawed characters, mentally speaking, and so the narrative's all over the place regarding the structure, the POV--not my sort of thing in the slightest-and I'm sure you know how that's such a popular trope these days-that sort of constantly moving, attention-deficit-disorder-type narrative-structure that never stays in one place at one time, that's always changing that's very episodic, that sort of thing. And I get it, I get the appeal. It's just not my taste. But you're a CEO or whether you're the last auteur, you've got to go with what it is that people want, and so I have to read it and understand what makes it appealing, at least partially, even if it just isn't my thing, and from what I can tell, I think it's supposed to reflect how our brains work, maybe, or something about our civilization, about ADD, about intelligence, and I mean, with the audience's attention spans these days, it's not exactly unrealistic.

###Page 319###

This is Gibsey World we're talking about.

We manufacture and decimate attention spans, simultaneously.

It's what we've always done.

Oh, and by the way, like I've said, CEOs can and do actually read.

Michael Eisner was a goddamn English major for Gibsey's sake!

But I'm getting distracted, aren't I?

I need to return to the set.

It's very Busby Berkeley-esque in style, what he's shooting, very dense, almost nauseatingly so.

I mean, the fucking budget on this thing!

Have I mentioned that?

"I'm just terrified we're going to have another one of those tragically-misunderstood-but-eventually-becomes-a-cult-classics on our fucking hands.

Those are the fucking bane of my gibseydamn executive existence.

Never make a damn profit.

###Page 320###

And damn it, if Scrillio isn't looking more and more like a total wreck on this set of his as he continues.

He has this minimal outfit he's worn for weeks, plain black t-shirt, cargo shorts, real-director-like, the fucking dork that he is, and he's clearly not been washing himself, let alone his clothes, his gray mop of hair's even more disheveled than usual, his bug-eyes even more bloodshot, the wrinkles of his skin cracking into further wrinkles, and each of those forming an entire map of exhaustion that most of our eyes are either forced to dart away from or are drawn to like a moth to a film projector, but despite all this, despite the smell and his overall demeanor, the crew members, they're all still Scrillio's ever-vigilant troops, his evangelists and loyal companions. They've seen him through this chaotic process so far, and they're going to try to continue doing so.

They always do, don't they?

It concerns me a little bit for humanity when I see it, at times, when I see it happening like this, but I mean, I'm a CEO for Gibsey's sake. I know better than just about anybody that, at least in the right hands, they're what keeps this shit afloat, am I right?

It has to happen!

What's the line?

What was it?

Was it from The Tempest?

Yeah, yeah I think it was The Tempest.

Oh, yes, it's The Tempest, that Gibseyan classic. It's gotta be.

"Where's the master? / Play the men."

Yeah, that's the one.

And you gotta admit, Arieol, that's a good line.

See, I read, gibseydamnit!

I'm a CEO, and I fucking read!

###Page 321###

Well, to get back to it, he has this opening sequence he's tried to get right again and again and again.

Cut. Action. Cut. Action. Cut. Action.

Over and fucking over again.

It's making me nauseous to watch it.

It really is.

And to explain, it's done out of order, I mean when they're shooting it, out of sequence obviously, but I'll try to see if I can reconstruct it for the Saving Mr. Banderas script. From what I remember, the chorus of the theme song started at the top of the scene, and Gibseydammit. You have to understand, I heard this set of lines probably hundreds of times while on set. It's why I remember them so well. I was there more than just one day, ok? I'm just reconstructing this for the narrative to function. Let me see, I think it went something like:

Welcome, welcome, welcome!

Welcome, welcome, welcome!

And by the way Arieol, I'm sure you know, but in case you don't, this is the theme song that plays at the beginning of the morning at the park when it opens, outside the entrance way of The Magical Dominion.

Think of it as opening credits for the park.

Or like a footnote.

Yeah, like an endless footnote that just keeps on going and going on forever, stretching on and on, until the end of time.

And this is what he's going for, the fucking imbecile.

###Page 322###

  Going to Gibsey World is like entering a movie, like being inside a movie, literally.

It's like a living movie, like being on set, behind the screen, back-stage, as they call it.

I mean, it's funny to think about, isn't it?

Oh, and did I mention the drool that's started to hang out of Scrillio's mouth by this point?

I shit you not.

Whole globs of it, the slob that he is, and in front of the whole crew!

I mean, what a fucking imbecile!

And, oh shit, actually Arieol, maybe be careful about writing that detail down.

I'm not saying it's a sexual thing or anything.

He isn't ogling at anyone.

He's just, well, he's incapacitated, or he at least seems to be.

Just make that clear.

He's just mentally incapacitated or something

I don't want to be misunderstood by future viewers.

And god forbid I'm misunderstood by future viewers. Shit do they just love to misunderstand you these days, don't they?

And you know what?

They use that misunderstanding to gain power for themselves, don't they?

That terrifies me, Arieol, terrifies me to no end.

They're becoming the real masters now, Arieol, these readers, the viewers, the public.

I mean, by Gibsey, we may have actually lived up to our Gibseyan creed after all, giving them all that power.

It terrifies me to no end.

But you cut what you can cut.

And you have to.

And if there's anything I don't want in this scene, Arieol, it's that, what I just said, so don't put that in the script. Got it?

OK?

###Page 323###

Now, to continue.

I'm there to cut the budget.

The cast members enter from backstage, and their movements.

My Gibsey, their movements, let me tell you, they're about as calculated as the late-Victorian architecture that surrounds them. I mean it, Malt Gibsey, they're good. They're all top notch performers. They're these twisting, twirling columns, these perfected monumental smiles. They're like moving statues, adorned with makeup and whimsy, and they're dancing so well, and singing like goddamn angels. They could rival the cast members of the actual park, mind you, and they do. Maybe even better.

God you should've heard them.

You should've seen them, really. You should've been there, Arieol.

It was truly wonderfully done, but no matter how on point they are, no matter how well they're hitting their cues, Scrillio doesn't seem to think it's going the way he wants it.

Cut this, cut that.

Fuck this, fuck that.

But they just keep going on with the scene, trying to get the section for the opening theme song the way this fuming, narcissistic, imbecilic last fucking 'auteur' wants it.

Fuck those goddamn articles.

###Page 324###

Oh, and I didn't mention this.

But this is where these articles have gotten him.

He's gotten to the point where thinks he needs a fucking orchestra performing on set while he's shooting the damn thing!

Did you hear what I just told you?

He thinks he needs to score the thing as it's being shot, live!

Did you hear what I just said?

Told the producers it would give the performances more of a dream-like quality. That's what he fucking said, and of course they nodded their stupid fucking heads and pretended like they knew exactly what he meant.

Gibseydamn, the fucking budget on this thing could give somebody a fucking heart attack!

And I'm medicated to kingdom come, Ariel, you know that I am.

I'm goddamn CEO!

And so the cast members continue on through the medley, the shoot, mostly in sequence by this point, which isn't really the norm, but they're doing it anyway.

You know, normally you shoot the beginning last and the ending first, that sort of thing, or you even just shoot when people are available on set, which is arbitrary. It's different every time, but Gibsey, he's the last auteur so he's gotta do it exactly the way he wants it. And they just keep performing the same parts again and again and again, doing the different parts of the same scene over and over again as they continue.

###Page 325###

I'm forgetting. Where does the theme song go next? I think it's something like:

We are here to give our dreams To every boy and girl, A place so big that you might scream Or maybe even hurl, Castle beyond an entrance way To hold yourself aloft, Step inside our movie set, And turn your brain right off!

And look, I know I'm kind of having to reconstruct this for you in order for you to get it in the script, so it's a little confusing for me to remember. I said it was in sequence, but trust me, it wasn't like that during the process, not at all. It wasn't even remotely in order, or if it was, it was so fucking repetitive you couldn't even tell!

Picture this.

This director, this fucking supposed auteur, is hallucinating and regularly. Do you understand me? It isn't orderly what's been going on, what he's been doing.

No, not at all.

It's fucking chaos, but anyway, interrupting this, well it wasn't an interruption since it was a part of the thing, as well, but I mean interupting the scene, the performance, interrupting it is an announcer, an unseen voice, a recorded voice, like it does at the park entrance theme song.

###Page 326###

An announcement is made. Like I said, it was all totally authentic and just like the original, the music swelling, the cast members high-fiving each other as the voice comes in to say:

Ladies and gentleman, boys and girls, Welcome to the Magical Dominion!

And you know me. I'm not easily impressed, Ariel. I know this will surprise you, but most of the time, I'm faking my enthusiasm. In fact, that's probably the most common part of my job.

Internally, I'm hardly ever impressed.

But the positive energy of those performances, I mean, it becomes undeniable for me in that moment, Arieol. Something special is going on there, and I can't deny it. I don't have to fake anything, and it all starts becoming our collective energy, all of us within that landscape, all of us on set. It's really starting to affect us all by that point. At least all of us but Scrillio, of course.The cast members, they're all really doing well, but this director, he just can't see it, or he can't ever seem to believe it while it's happening right in front of him, right in front of his very eyes. And I mean, I'm breathing it all in as best I can, even with those budget cuts in mind. You see, Arieol, I'm a fucking adult. I'm not some man-child director trying to affix this bull shit scene to my fucking career. I can see that there's something infectious about this place, about Gibsey World, and his reconstruction of it.

###Page 327###

You have to give yourself over to it, at some point, even if it is a work of adaptation, believe me.

It really was and is the most magical place on Earth, or at the very least, it was certainly as vivid a recreation of it as could possibly be made at the time.

And so they start the next refrain:

You'll have a good time, just leave it up to us. Welcome to a place where dreams are born. The price is worth it, we promise, you will see!

Where uncomforting, difficult thoughts disappear, The most magical place on earth is here!

Scrillio is using these really wide angle lenses, but the DP, his director of photography, wants to zoom in further for this next part since the melodies of the song are going to shift to the cadence from a, uh, a classic, a, uh-oh what was the musical? Singing, singing? Oh I can't think of the name of it.

Gibseydamnit!

I hate it when this happens-oh, yes, yes!

Yodeling in the Perspiration!

That's it!

###Page 328###

The actors playing the cast members shake hands with the extras playing the park goers, and I mean, with the set the way it is, they might as well be actual park goers themselves.

'Hi there, we're glad you're here!' 'Great to see you.'

"It's all very convincing, very life-like, very Gibsey-esque, very animated. Couldn't have simulated reality any better. And imagine my frustration seeing this happen within the context of this budget, seeing this pompous asshole unsatisfied with all this that's being done all on his behalf while our investment is playing out right in front of all us, and I truly don't know, can't even begin to understand what Scrillio doesn't like about it. I think there's something wrong with him. Knowing him, it probably has something to do with the "realism" he doesn't like. Gibseydamn it, the multiple imbecilic discussions we've had about that Gibseydamn concept.

But the actors, the voices, the performances of the cast members, like all experiences in Gibsey World, they're all heightened.

They're beyond the norm.

A regular voice? Or a casual welcome to an audience? That, for a recreation of Gibsey World? Nope, that's simply not enough.

This is a world of magic that must be created and recreated in real time, that must be manifested again and again, continually.

###Page 329###

These are communication systems we're working with here, Arieol.

Warp and weft.

Nothing here is ever truly enough, is ever going to be enough. There's always going to need to be more of whatever there is.

And think about that, the pressures I'm under as CEO to create that magic that's supposed to be happening all the time here.

And, you see, that's why I said I respect Scrillio so much because of what he's doing, even with the fucking budget, it's very Gibseyan what's he's doing to a certain degree, even though he's on the edge, even though he's losing it, smelling like shit, eyes bulging, the outbursts.

At least he's dreaming as far as he can dream.

I can goddamn respect him for that, Arieol, and he and the DP are still barking at one another about the lenses, quietly of course, since the sound is still rolling, and the scene continues again and again, and the medley continues, repeating itself, a version of a version of the original song having to start back over again. I think the next section of the scene is performed more theatrically than the previous ones-if I'm remembering it correctly--likely due to what's being adapted.

###Page 330###

A cast member pretends to be asleep, and they wake up and confront another cast member that's standing over them. Each is acting comically annoyed with one another. Oh, and remember, this wasn't the order they shot it in, mind you. I'm just putting it in order for you, so you get the idea of the theme song, the opening credits of the park, really, to make note of it, Arieol, for the script:

Good mornin', Good mornin' Please don't keep me up at night. Good mornin', Good mornin', alright? Alright, alright, alright!

Good mornin', Good mornin' Please let me sleep. Gibsey, I'm nearly through. Good morning, good morning, to you.

Shooting this once?

Shooting it a few times?

That's not how the fucking last-aueteur Marvin Scrillio does things.

Stanley Kubrick on fucking acid is how I'd describe this directoral process of his.

###Page 331###

And stop for a minute.

I want you to think about what I just said.

Stanley Kubrick on fucking acid.

Have you ever taken acid?

Do you have any idea what it does to one's sense of time?

What it does to one's sense of duration?

Kubrick on acid.

Think about that one for me.

Picture it if you can.

We're talking about one of the most infamous, notoriously demanding and frustrating pain-in-the-asses to work with in all of movie history. Time basically slows to a stand still when you do a scene on his set as many times in a row as he does, and as an actor or crew member on a set like that one, you have to start to wonder if you aren't going to be enveloped in total darkness by the end of it all.

Do you understand what I'm telling you here?

It would probably start to seem like it would never end, like a black hole would appear to swallow up the entire universe.

And maybe when he directs, it does.

And what I'm saying is that Scrillio's even worse than that!

Even worse, I'm telling you!

Do you understand what I'm saying Arieol?!

###Page 332###

"He's got to have some issues with death or something!

But I mean, I can also understand that too. I mean, come on, who doesn't?

Malt Gibsey sure as hell did!

And I mean, so do I, I'm CEO goddamnit, so I get it, but who needs to re-create that sort of thing on a scale of this magnitude?

But I don't need to be wasting money on another man's therapy, do I?

I have my own issues to contend with, a whole civilization's worth to contend with, in fact!

At a certain point it just seems like he's just making up reasons he doesn't like the shots, the performances, the angles, the reasons they need to be done over and over, again and again.

It's getting really ominous at this point.

All kinds of health and ethical codes are being violated.

And you'd think I'd step in, being CEO of this thing, and seeing this happen right in front of me. I mean, it's why I was asked to be on the set in the first place. And you'd think that I would've, but I don't.

I have to let it all play itself out.

You see, I'm building a case.

I'm building evidence.

I'm collecting data.

I understand how great narratives are structured, how great myths and fictions function.

To get what you want, you have to construct a narrative for an audience, however long it takes.

###Page 333###

And like all narratives, I have to let Scrillio reach his peak, his climax. You see, I want him to reach a breaking point, one that he can't recover from, because at that point, that's when I can rein it all back in. Once he crosses that threshold, there's no returning, there's no: "But Oren, this is all for the art!" There's no: "Please, oh, please let me stay swaddled in my fucking man-child cacoon, please, oh please, oh please!"

Nuh-uh.

Nope.

None of that shit.

Once he crosses a certain number of lines, I'm the one who gains complete and total control.

And so I have to wait.

I can't lower the budget on 'the last auteur' just because he smells bad and his hair is disheveled!

I need cause, and it needs to be public, obvious, and inarguable.

I need to construct a narrative.

So I wait.

I keep watching him.

I wait, and I watch.

I watch him make his own bed.

###Page 334###

Oh, and to return to the scene, there's those two cast members that are playing out that whole Yodeling in the Perspiration bit, dressed as 20s flappers, one of them wagging their finger at their suit-wearing confidant that's standing before them. They continue with their medley:

How many times have you heard me say, I need twelve hours every night. If you wake me up just one more time, then you're bound to start a fight!

So, good mornin', good mornin' If you wake me up, again, we're through. Good mornin', good mornin' to you.

A parody of a parody, the music swells, rising.

There's a change in the time signature, a transition, to a new section of the song.

Come to think of it, this whole park is a medley, isn't it?

Its structure, a melodic structure, one long, gigantic medley with all its various interconnected parts, all its pathways and rides, the buildings, the underground tunnels, the cast members, the park goers, all the technicians and Imaginators moving about, everything within it always indicative of everything else. And you think I'm worried about the budget for this film only? Imagine the goddamn budget of this whole park I have to carry with me like a goddamn boulder up and down the highways of this infernal landscape. But I'm-uh-I'm getting to be too, uh, pessimistic, aren't I?

###Page 335###

Very un-Gibseyan of me.

Cut that, if you can, my pessimism.

Cut anything, uh, pessimistic, if you hear me say it.

Cut it.

I don't want it in the script

I don't want to come across as pessimistic to my future audience, Arieol. That's the last thing I want. I- just-uh, I'll, uh, I'll just-I'll return to the scene.

They finish this section on this longer refrain of the chorus before transitioning to the next one, and Scrillio's way, way out there, forcing them to do it over and over again.

Like I've said, the exhaustion that's been building up on set, it's getting worse and worse.

And the performers, they're starting to crack under the pressure themselves, but they're holding on to it, for now, holding on to the final refrain of this section, and they just keep having to hold it, note after note, again and again and again.

Good mornin', good mornin', to you!

###Page 336###

The rhythm picks up.

A train enters the scene.

Petey Puff, one of the classical Gibsey characters, you know, the comical part-human-part-pot-leaf doofus with glasses and a shrill voice-you've heard of him, I'm sure-hangs off the train as it's pulling up, emitting steam and light.

Petey Puff jumps down from it and into the scene in progress, clumsily tripping over themselves as they enter, their stammering voice interjecting into the choral group that's singing alongside them, narrating their entrance.

Petey Puff is comin', comin' down the track 'Hey, where the smoke is at? I need it for my back!'

This Petey Puff costumed cast member's playing this classic bumbling idiot, this fool, and they're playing them perfectly, stumbling around awkwardly, looking stoned as hell, not knowing where to go. It's fucking fantastic.

See him tokin', take it in his lungs, Look it, Puffy's stoned, Now he can't find home.

###Page 337###

Petey Puff holds his arms out, stumbling around like some kind of french-fried Frankensten. "Wha-wha-where am I?" Their nasally voice echoes out to all the other bodies on set. And I mean, Petey Puff, you know who he is, he's a classic, nearly mythic character, a classic Gibseyan persona, and my Gibsey are there so many. Some of us, on this set, we're doubled over at this point. We're holding our sides, trying not to let out air and accidentally interrupt the sound that's being recorded.

He's just that good.

Like I've said, they're doing a fucking great job, a fantastic job, the cast members.

And another cast member enters, costumed as a police officer, from stage left with a set of handcuffs, and places them over Petey's wrists.

"Hip-hip-hooray!" Each member of the chorus holds an arm up in triumph at the theater of Petey's capture and the shooting of the theme song continues. Scrillio shakes his head all the while, mouthing "It's not right. Not right. Not right at all."

No more pizza, nor fruit punch But Puffy's got t' munch Petey Puff is stoned again!

###Page 338###

I'm starting to feel really bad for the crew members at this point, Ariel. I truly am, and I already felt bad for them before. I mean, the shoot's stretching on way longer than it should've already. And I'm goddamn CEO. I hardly feel bad for anyone!

We've blown past lunch, regulations be damned.

But I'm not saying a word.

My own stomach's growling.

"The CEO's stomach is fucking growling.

The goddamn CE-fucking-O.

But the thing is, Arieol, I have my own art to suffer for, my own goals to accomplish.

And I know it'll be worth it.

And so I keep waiting it out.

Two cast members enter the scene holding a set of prison bars and set them before Petey. The police officer who handcuffed him takes out this comically large set of keys and pretends to lock the cell, throwing the keys offstage. Petey's glasses fall off and onto what is supposed to be the cell floor, and this actually isn't a part of the originally written scene either, by the way, the falling off of the glasses. I think the glasses fell off the costume itself, but the cast member, the one playing Petey, the thing is, they're a master improviser. They just go with it: 'Can someone help me find my glasses? They fell off somewhere. Hello? Anyone? Hello? I need to find my glasses!'

###Page 339###

I'm sure you've heard this rule of the stage: if you drop something on set, you have to immediately make it part of the scene. You have to. That's what you do in theater, and I mean, when they do it perfectly, you can't even tell the difference.

Gibseydamn it, they're good!

It was just so Petey Puff, you know?

But it's clear it wasn't intentional, which you can only tell by being there, Ariel, by being on set, not that that matters because Scrillio's already yelled cut, been yelling it, again and again.

He's freaking the fuck out.

"Does no one believe in the script anymore!?'

I'm really having to hold back my own anger, and it's starting to feel like the crew members are having to do the same, as well, and Scrillio's sensing it too. You can tell, cause he's getting all stammery with each of his new directions.

###Page 340###

Another change enters the medley, an immediate one this time, a classic, well known Gibsyan song, unlike the last one, one that we're all maybe even too familiar with, an engrained, oft repeated, nearly mythical song, one branded into our bones at birth.

Pizza-de-poo-pa, Pizza-a-de-yay My oh, my, should we sing this these days? The past is past, but are we sure it's ok? Pizza-de-poo-pa,Pizza-de-yay

Pizza-de-poo-pa, Pizza-de-yay My oh, my, I can't believe this was made You know what I'm talkin' 'bout, really nothing has changed! Pizza-de-poo-pa, Pizza-de-yay

And Arieol, this is the moment; this is the triumphant moment.

This is where the costumed version of our sacred mascot enters the scene.

Dickey Dog.

Did you hear that?

Dickey Dog enters the fucking scene.

God, you should've been there, Arioel!

###Page 341###

What a classic, classic character, the most classic of all characters.

More real than real under all those stage lights, the features of his costume topographically stretched into shapes and features that have only become more and more appealing as our Gibstory's marched on.

Have you seen the early versions?

They were terrifying, Ariel, truly terrifying.

One wonders how people even looked upon them once!

They looked flat out demonic!

And I mean, the cast members and extras around him, as he enters, they're ecstatic.

It's becoming really infectious.

It's all really coming together.

'Dickie!' 'Dick!' 'Dog!' 'Doggie!' 'Dick!'

'Huh, huh! Aw, shucks. Hi ya, everybody! Gosh it's good that you're all here! Huh, huh!'

'Yeah!! Woo hoo!'

More high fiving ensues.

###Page 342###

Petey Puff's off set by now, likely taking off their costume to cry into a wine glass after having a day like today.

I mean what a fucking ass hole of a director this is, right?

But by this point, Dickey's entered and become the entire focal point of the scene, all eyes and cameras are on Dickey and Dickey alone, as they should be.

It's Dickey Dog I'm talking about here-the Dickey Dog.

He can't be ignored.

He can't be.

He jumps aboard the stationary train, the classic train of the park, of The Magical Dominion, and a family of four stands next to him, smiling from ear to ear.

'Yes we sure are happy you're here, aren't we gang? The Doe Family here, they're gonna help us get things started today! OK, alright gang, we're gonna count down from 10, just like on the Wheel of Fortune! Got it! Nice and loud, here we go! Now, everybody! And-

'10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1!

'Huh, huh! 'Welcome to The Magical Dominion, everybody!

And let me tell you, this cast member that's playing Dickey Dog is phenomenal.

###Page 343###

Which, I'm realizing, may not be a good thing.

They could really fuck up my plans here.

Even Scrillio is sort of stuck in his tracks.

He doesn't even call 'cut' this time.

They're that good!

He just lets the scene continue.

He doesn't even stop.

All the characters from the show enter one last time, the cameras pulling out, and the DP's got a few others with fisheye lenses there to capture the whole scene from a distance, from every conceivable angle. I mean, the budget on this goddamn thing!

Scrillio's eyes fill with tears.

His mouth trembles, the fucking man-child that he is. You can hear him sniffling, and he doesn't care. He just lets it happen, watches it happen, like I am, being there, on set, and all together, in unison, all of the cast members unite, in triumphant glee:

You'll have a good time, just leave it up to us. Welcome to a place where dreams are made. The price is worth it, we promise, you will see!

Where all uncomforting, difficult thoughts disappear! The most magical place on earth is here!

###Page 344###

Balloons are let go. Confetti flies. Children cackle and shout. The cast members playing the parents of the children glow, seemingly full of joy for having done their sacred duty of being there, of making this sacred pilgrimage we all are gloriously compelled to make. They've come to the place, as advertised, where dreams may, in fact, come true. And the Doe family is, truly, ecstatic, as well. And even I'm fucking escatic on their behalf, for Gibsey's sake. Scrillio's reached the climax, he has, the one I needed him to reach, but he got there successfully, and fuck, I realize this may have thwarted my plans!

But I won't give up.

I can't give up.

I have to see what happens.

Sctillio's done it. He's accomplished his goal. He's finished the scene. He's made it to the end, and he even seems satisfied with it for once.

And some of the crew members are trembling with tears of exaltation.

They've never seen him this happy before.

The most magical place on earth is, in fact, here.

It really is.

Oh, and here I go Arieol.

I'm getting a little emotional over here myself, remembering it, telling you about it.

I can't help it.

You see, I'm CEO, but I have emotions.

There's nothing wrong with emotions.

And so Scrillio, the insatiable, is now satiated.

He starts apologizing to everyone, slapping crew members on the back, thanking them for missing lunch, and he calls it early for the day.

Fucking imagine that.

###Page 345###

He calls it early for the day.

And he spots me.

'Oren Progresso! Ooooooren, you mother fucker!' He yells this, running right for me and embracing me like we're lost lovers reunited, like he's forgotten we're both creators with diametrically opposed interests. He's going to think it was my presence here that did all this, isn't he?

The fucking imbecile.

We did it! We did it! I didn't think we were going to get it for so long. My Gibsey. My Gibsey! Everyone's going to be so relieved!' He's whipping tears from his eyes, Arieol. 'Look, I'm so, so, so, so sorry you had to see me acting like that today. It was all for the art. It really was. They did such a wonderful job, though, didn't they? They all did. They really did. They all did, all the cast members. The whole time, really, wow! How did I not see it before? I-I haven't had a shoot like this in, well, I don't even know how long. I don't know if I ever have!' He holds out his shirt and sniffs himself. 'Uh oh. Oh, my god.' He laughs, 'I smell like shit, don't I? I need to take a shower, huh?'"

He's laughing, jovial, heightened, but I'm growing more and more anxious at this point. The thing is, I can't actually have him succeed here.

###Page 346###

Are you a chess player at all, Arieol? It's sort of like that moment in a chess game where you realize you might be in check, but your opponent hasn't said anything yet, and you're sitting there waiting, asking yourself whether it's check or checkmate, knowing you don't get to decide which one it is. It's that space between space, being in that moment. It's liminal. You scramble. Your eyes dart all over the board. And you ask yourself, what could you have done to prevent this? Was it inevitable? And what do you do now that the move's been made? You scroll through your various options. Your heart pumps blood. You twitch.

The number one thing I want to avoid is a long argument with Scrillio. Especially after his most recent film, that massive flop, that box-office travesty, The Tempestuous Storm. God, the arguments we had over that one. And don't get me wrong. Like I've said, I'll say it wasn't his fault, it being made during a time of such social and political upheaval, the famines, the diseases, the ecological disasters, the evacuations, the violence. It wasn't his fault what happened during the production and reception process of that film, but it's best not to have him be aware of that fact. His ignorance, or maybe you call it his innocence, it must be maintained. It must be restored, continually. It's better to keep pushing him. I have to keep pushing him, punishing him. I've got to. With how difficult it is then, with the difficulty of dealing with him, and the pressure getting even worse now, the thing is, he needs that pressure, and so does the budget, the lowering of the budget especially. I realize I'm just going to have to go for it.

And this is just one day of shooting, mind you.

The film isn't even close to being over.

###Page 347###

I think he'll either call my bluff or he won't, and either way, I'm so desperate to get the damn price tag down, it stops mattering to me.

He beams and interjects, 'I don't care if my eyes fall out of my own sockets, Oren. I'll make this film a masterpiece.' And he's still beaming, but his eyes change, like they're anticipating my reaction.

They shift.

They transition.

And so I do.

I have to do what all CEOs do.

I take a risk.

I put myself in danger.

I snap.

Or I at least pretend like I'm snapping.

But that's even more powerful, isn't it?

Cause then I'm in control.

It's all a performance for me, you see?

All of it.

I'm on set.

I harden with anger.

'It's not even going to get released if you keep on acting like this!'

I scream.

I project.

###Page 348###

The joy, Scrillio's joy, it's gone.

It plummets.

He knows.

And with how he looks, one wonders if it will ever return.

His eyes go blank.

He starts stammering again.

"Um. uh, uh-Oren"

And I cut off his stammering, furious, "What the fuck are you doing to yourself? Look at your fucking self! Can you see yourself? Do you seem like you're at all functional? Does it seem like this set is at all functional? You really think it is?"

And you know what?

That's all I have to say.

That's it.

It's over.

It's already immediately over.

We pause.

We don't say much else to each other.

And we don't have to.

Eternities pass.

Kubrick on acid.

###Page 349###

"'But Oren,' He interjects, terrified, "I mean, the film has to-I-I just need to make it to the end. Please-" He's totally red now. His shame is as clear as the crystalline shine of a camera lens.

He knew this was coming.

He's seen it in his dreams.

I sharpen my expression into complete and total rage, not a common corporate tactic of mine admittedly, but an effective one.

I only ever implement it when it's totally necessary.

"'Look at yourself! And the people around you! You're scaring people Marvin! You're embarrassing yourself, and the crew! It's terrifying the crew! You're terrifying the crew!'

You see, all I did Arieol was tell him the truth. And imagine how effective it is when no one else has ever told it to him before? Not like that.

That's all I did.

And upon hearing this, the triple-layered bags of exhaustion that were just beginning to heal under Scrillio's eyes, they sag even further down on themselves, like a snapped anchor plummeting to sea.

A Tempestuous Storm.

###Page 350###

Crew members look away, as if we don't exist, as if they don't exist, and for now, they don't, and we don't.

"Oren, I'm doing some of the best work of my career!"

"And at what cost! At what fucking cost, you are acting like a maniac!?"

He buckles. "I swear to fucking God if you say another word about this budget!"

"Did I even say budget? Did I?"

"This isn't about the fucking budget!"

And, to be honest with you, aside from that, I never even have to mention the budget.

I don't have to.

I never did.

That pretentious fuck, this last auteur, the last one that we supposedly have left in cinema, he gives me exactly what I want, and it's over within seconds, and I don't even need to ask for it.

He does it to himself.

Multiple zeros are cut.

Did you hear me, Ariel?

Multiple.

Fucking.

Zeros.

Multiple.

I'm not a magician.

I'm a fucking surgeon.

###Page 351###

And, before we take a break, Arieol, there's one more thing I want to mention for the script. You don't have to put this in directly. I don't even know how you would exactly, but I want you to know this. Have you ever seen or heard of that Gibseyan film, that Gibseyan classic, Moby Dick? I'm sure you've heard of it. It was an early film adaptation within the Gibsyan empire. The book that it was based on, its author at the time, what was their name? I think it was Philip something or other, maybe? I don't remember. It doesn't matter. The Author's never what's remembered anyway. I mention it because this author, the author, this creator of that work, while making the novel it was based on, it's rumored that when he wrote it, during its creation process, that he wrote so intensely throughout its creation that he flat-out lost his eyesight. His eyesight, Arieol. The very vision he uses to stare out and ponder this great, green earth. Enveloped in total blackness. The terror, the terror of that.

###Page 352###

I can't even begin to understand what made him go on. And you know what? During his lifetime, that shitty ass book that he wrote, that he lost his eyesight for, his supposed masterpiece, the one he worked so hard on, you know what happened? It only sold 3,000 copies. 3,000 fucking copies, Arieol. That's fucking it! I mean, that is a failure at the box office. That would destroy a person these days! You'd be laughed out of Gibsey World for a thing like that. 3,000 copies? That's less than the friends most people have on social media now, Ariel! But that wasn't it. That wasn't all. We stepped in. Gibsey intervened. When we were the ones to adapt it, when we mythologized it into infinity while its creator was deep in the ground, worms twisting through his decaying skull? When we were the ones who adapted it, it became one of the most infamous films that's ever been fucking made.

###Page 353###

No, actually, you know what? I want that in the script. Find a way to get that in. It's essential. That's the movie right there. Oh, it may not be clear now, but you'll see. You'll see. I'm not sure you can tell me that I did anything wrong. I'm just like Gibsey and Moby Dick Arieol, the great populizer! I've made the specific general. Is it really so bad that I cut the budget? It had to be done. I want future audiences of this biographical film about me that you're writing, I want them to know this for sure. If anything, I think killing his myths, Scrillio's myths, destroying them outright, only for him to be the one to rebuild them, that's the sacred process that I repeat, and it's as Gibseyan as it could possibly be.

###Page 354###

Make him do it to himself. It's a moral position, Arieol, towards Scrillio himself, that even his crew wasn't willing to take. They'd just pat him on the back until kingdom come if it was up to them, those fucking believers. But I'll take it. I'll suffer for the art that I must create, for the worlds I must construct. I'm willing to. I'll take on the heavy yoke if I have to. And I have to, and often, for both his sake and yours, Ariel. You see, what all our realities need are limitations. You have to cut. You have to sever. You have to be a fucking surgeon. The seventh day is for rest. And he did it to himself. I didn't even have to say a word.

###Page 355###

**Gibseyan Mysticism and Its Symbolism**

Ever since the procedure, Natalie Weissman--the original Natalie Weissman-spends most of her time in bed, processing and reprocessing the various idiosyncrasies of her past trauma. Being the first and original version of herself to adopt the cloned representation technology now becoming the rage for many of her class, what else did she have to do with her time? And although this syncopated and depressive pattern of hers, with its accumulating negative signs and symptoms, was clearly not ideal, she could admit it did come with its own benefits, the most consistent of which being that it would alway provide her with something new with which she could think about, at any given time.

Today, she thinks of her grandparents, both of them, when they'd reached the end of their lives. The various hospitals and old folks centers she'd visited, usually with her mother, the dank smell of loneliness that had dominated the hallways, the wrinkled skin and boney fingers. the hallowed out look of burdening dementia, the floating forgetfulness, lathering itself, progressively, across every layer of their final experiences.

###Page 356###

Thinking of these moments, again, at this stage within her life, these memories take on a new meaning because, to be cloned and to then become the original version of herself was, in a way, to become like the dead, or at least, like her grandparents, to face death before its more natural occurrence.

None had warned her that it would be like this.

But neither did anyone fully grasp at the time of its early, less popular implementation, what the experience of doubling one's self technologically would be like once the procedure was completed.

And there was no going back once it was completed.

There was of course the early detractors, as there often is with any new form of technology, as well as those who simply found the idea to be an absurd and ridiculous one, a cliche idea, one so often reflected in their own popular culture that to even consider the idea was itself, it's own ridiculous redoubling of so many of the told and retold stories being spun and respun everywhere across all their various landscapes-the classic trope in nearly every Gibsey movie, book, comic, television show, or narrative, where they all led-the self confronting itself. And though none had warned her, she had considered, and quite often had considered, how predictable it would be to take such a path, and she'd often wrestled with whether or not she should go through with it at all. She ultimately decided to undergo the procedure, coming to the conclusion that all cliche experiences and myths themselves must hold some sort of value or importance since they reflect an idea which we've chosen to never forget, to repeat, which we've refused to let go of, even across decades, or whole lifetimes, maybe even whole generations of time, or maybe even, in cases such as the eternal clicking of the amygdala, even eons.

Some things just have a special kind of duration, a resonance.

###Page 357###

But there were also to be the negative signs and symptoms, and these were bound, are still bound, to accumulate.

And they're still accumulating.

This was because she knew, deep down, that a representation of herself was out there, living out a public life, her own public life. And she knows this, that they've slowly replaced her, have been slowly replacing her, piece by piece, and this happens, has happened, while her real self, her private self, who she is, who she has now become eternally shackled to, sits in bed, day after day, with nothing left to do but to wait to be forgotten.

But she's already been forgotten.

Because she's already been replaced.

She will spend the rest of her time, now that she has so much of it, pouring over her past, and all these endless myths of hers, all these endless versions of her past self, and this will be the last time they'll now get the chance to tumble through her before they themselves are also fated to fade out, to forget, as well as so many of the others who are now also fated towards death, just like her, so many of the others who had undergone the same procedure and it's promises who were now to be beseeched by the early deaths brought about by the procedure-endless, unpredictable and unintended mental deaths which would now occur and recur until everything was entirely forgotten.

The process of forgetting had already begun.

And like the procedure, once undertaken, there was no going back.

###Page 358###

This is what they had learned together, both what they'd be warned and what they'd experienced, both the original and new versions of Natalie, during an early period of training they'd done together, the not-required but highly encouraged training that immediately proceeds all cloning procedures. All cloned selves must be trained, at least if they were to retain the personality of the original version's self, though there is a growing debate in the industry, as there ever is, about how truly necessary these training processes actually are, the point often made by this supposedly problematic minority being that such training, if anything, warps the newer clone's ability to decide for itself, transforming it from its otherwise free, pure, and blameless state into one of corruption since it puts the sincerity of the Agency-as it's described in the literature-of the clone's new self into question. And of course there were others, of a much more anxious and much less focused, and certainly less successful variety, who just oscillated between the two incessantly depending on the context, living in a state of heightened reactivity and uncomfortability, between the two, both out of terror of giving and receiving too much or too little, in either case, and ultimately, achieving very little of either option, or at least being constantly dissatisfied with both options, as anyone becomes after being exposed to the same amusement for too extended of a time, and if anything, this was the most natural place which the trainings to achieve Agency within a cloning procedure all led, including Natalie and Natalie's, even early within their training process together. The first time it occurred, or at least the first time they'd noticed it, the new version of Natalie was cooking a recipe, one which the original Natalie hadn't liked.

###Page 359###

Before she underwent the procedure, the version of herself that she now considers to be the even more originally original version of herself, she had originally had a career as an academic. She was a Gibstorian, a writer, and a mystic, and this was (and still is) the same set of roles which her newly remade self has continued to pursue, becoming even more successful than the original Natalie had ever been before undergoing the procedure.

She'd expected this to be a good thing and technically, she supposed it was.

It was certainly promised as such, but like so many truths of the procedure, things had not gone as expected or promised, at least not internally. Externalities, as always, had presented themselves. The procedure was supposed to give her more time, to give her the opportunity to distance herself from the complexity and preconditioned obligations of her previous life, to open up whole new worlds for herself which she could live in separately, without worry or anxiety, like an endless vacation, at least it was marketed as such, and although it had created an artificial or extended version of these promises and these promises seemed to have come true from the outside, internally, all it had really opened up for her was a portal to an endless past, decay, a reformation and spiraling into death rather than an escape from one.

But the marketing had at least been partially accurate, she could admit, because she certainly did have plenty of time on her hands.

If anything, all she had was time.

###Page 360###

She could do whatever she wanted, but she often found that, if anything, she had too much time. All her life represented now was a series of interconnected failures, all the ways she would continue to fail and fall short of, all that she was incapable of that her cloned self was out there doing, all she would now be forced to leave behind.

Either to comfort herself or to send herself further into doubt and worry, she wasn't sure which (and depending on her mood, it really could be either), she would often pull up the transcripts and lectures that her cloned self had recently completed within her recent courses to read and re-read them, sometimes simply reading them on their own, sometimes to compare them with the transcripts of her original lectures, other times even re-reading them to the point where she could recite their passages from memory.

What else did she have to do with her time but to create a memory palace for herself to wander in and out of, discovering the similar ideas and differences between the two, as well as the strange places where both struck chords of both unexpected and cliche originality?

Wasn't this what she had been promised?

Or was it something else?

Sometimes, she would even slip into the transcripts without thinking, mostly when she was feeling isolated or alone, which was basically all the time, for the original version of Natalie, at least.

###Page 361###

And such moments would begin, as follows:

Hello. Welcome to my course, An Introduction to Gibseyan Mysticism. I'd like to mention, from the start of this lecture, that this is a popular course. I admit, from the start, it may be strange for me to mention this course's popularity. It may also be strange to admit that we will be drawing heavily from my most famous book, Gibseyan Mysticism and Its Symbolism, which is also the name of this course. Now, I don't mention this course's popularity and the title of this book to brag about my book's success, or I at least don't intend to do so. Instead, in mentioning this, I'm attempting to begin by pointing out an irony, and a rather profound one, one that can be seen both within this course and within this book's popularity, this irony being that mystical traditions such as the Gibseyan Mystical tradition, the tradition with which I will be introducing you to today within this introductory course, as well as within the next series of lectures, that these traditions are not popularly practiced. It may be popular to read about, yes, and even popularly discussed. Much of its content is even spreading all over the place both in person and online, across various platforms, at a near constant, even arguably exponential rate. And yet, it's so seldom practiced in daily life by so few of us. It's certainly not often reported as being regularly practiced.

###Page 362###

Which leads to a final irony, before I begin, a conflict, the idea that to speak about such subjects is to negate their purpose, that upon speaking, that I have already entered into a kind of illusion. I have created a theme park, so to speak. A theme park is not the real world. Rather, it is the reflection of the real world, one which is within our current world. This is an idea which is easy to forget. Even within own current world, our current system, where a theme park has replaced the world entirely, where our entire world, the spaces we roam, traverse, live, eat, and sleep, be them the liminal, sub-liminal, or everyday spaces which we inhabit, each of them, all of them, have been transformed into theme park locales that are building and rebuilding themselves, endlessly. We have become translations of theme parks, adaptations of theme parks. We have been subsumed into a corporate entity. We have become monopolized into a single harrowing mass, but even despite this, even despite this context of each of our lives, the irony I will begin with, within this course, or which I will end this introduction to the course with--is that even that world of which I speak, which I refer to, is not the real world. And even what I speak of now, what I am currently saying to all of you, is not the real world. I may never, ever be able to speak, within any of my lectures, of any sort of real world.

###Page 363###

I'd like to read a passage from the book I mentioned earlier, and I admit now-do be prepared-this is a book which I may draw from on occasion, if it isn't too arrogant for me to do so, or if it is arrogant to do so, if you can please forgive me for doing so: "Whatever is real may, in fact, never be spoken of. The true mystical experience is not one which can ever be truly repeated or recorded but can only be referred to, inferred, or experienced." This lecture therefore, what I've titled, The Contradictions of the Mystical Gibseyan Experience, should not be taken as a direct glimpse into mystical experience itself. This lecture isn't even a report of a mystical experience. It is this and only this: it is a set of data, a series of codes, on and off switches, a Gibstory, a map of a theme park, a map that you, yourself-should you choose to break out of the traditions many of your peers have chosen to trap themselves within-will set you on a mythical and mystical traversal. It is a map that you yourself will have to experience subjectively upon learning of or viewing the data which I will present to you today.

And one last comment before I continue, being a new teacher with you today, after all, I want to mention a motto of mine, a mantra of sorts, one last reminder, my true last ironic reminder, and the ultimate reminder. It is a motto I've stolen, or maybe it would be better to say I've adapted, from a previous professor of my own. "There is nothing I can teach you that you don't already know."

###Page 364###

And so with this said, and upon mentioning this motto of mine, or of my previous professor's, let's see what you already know, shall we?

Now, I'd like to return to a word that I used earlier, in multiple contexts, one which will be our constellation point for this next series: Tradition.

I referred to Gibseyan Mysticism earlier as a tradition, which again-sorry to repetitiously and continually use this term-is ironic. Another irony within the previously mentioned one is that Gibseyan Mysticism is an unpopular tradition, a tradition that is not widely practiced, a contradiction in terms, and therefore, as a religious practice, it has largely been ignored by popular Gibstory.

And being a popularizer of this tradition, I've been spoken of as a trailblazer within my department. Some have claimed that I'm some kind of revolutionary, here to restore the Gibseyan Mystical tradition on a wider scale than has ever been done before, and though I'm flattered by this description of myself, this can't ever be true. It's a myth. Yes, I've published books on the matters which I will be discussing in these lectures, and yes, I teach this very popular course. This is all true. But much in the same way I cannot teach you what you already know, I also cannot popularize something that cannot become and will never become popular.

It can't be because it isn't in its nature to be so, and it never will be.

###Page 365###

I would symbolically typify Gibseyan Mysticism as something that is almost apocalyptic and world ending.

It resembles a field of overgrown ruins.

It's like a theme park that's been reduced to rubble, to tatters, to nothing. It is an empty space that was once intended to be inhabited that now only a very occasional traveler stumbles upon to be shocked by some bizarre image of the sacred that's repellant to rational thought.

It's like a set of eyes.

It's the intertwining of two realms, the individual and the collective, or another, which will become one of the major themes of this lecture, the traditional and the progressive. Gibsey himself was described this way within many of the various contradictory and still-trembling-with-life Gibseyan religious scriptures: as a conservative trailblazer, a man of realism shackled to illusion, inundated with both the past and the future, tradition and progress, these interests of his even animating many of the texts he, himself, created, or which he had others create.

And a proper understanding of them requires us, as aspiring mystics within this course, to hold both possibilities, however contradictory, within our minds, at any given time, the fantastical and the Gibstorial, the religious and the scientific, the mystical and the traditional, and if taken together, they will promise valuable findings for the work we will be doing together within this course.

###Page 366###

To assume that Gibseyan Mysticism is above or below Gibstory is an entirely false assumption, and a mistake that many early students to this mystical arts and sciences often make. No, Gibsyean Mysticism is, like all things, inundated with Gibstory, it is cursed by it, blessed by it, brought forth into it, even through it, and it does also remain in tension with and conversation with it.

It may appear singular, but it is not, nor can it ever be.

It is a dialogue, a dialogue which forms a multiplicity.

I mention this because it is a similar misunderstanding that can happen upon applying either traditional or progressive lenses to Gibseyan Mysticism, which again, provides a stirring reminder of how important it is not to take an "either/or" approach within our mystical work together. My goal within this course is to show you that a "both/and" approach is possible, so that you, on your own, can discover your own mysteries, mysteries that may even show you that a "neither/nor" position may, in fact, be possible, the true and ultimate irony of all ironies, that this may even be an inevitable part of the process, one which is out of your control.

Like I mentioned previously, there has always been this tension within Gibseyan Mysticism between itself and Gibstory, between religious mysticism and religious dogma, between revolution and tradition, and if we are to understand this tension, we may want to establish certain rhetorical definitions, moving forward, of what a mystic, or a mystical experience, actually is within Mystical Gibsyanity.

###Page 367###

A Gibseyan Mystic is a person who has been chosen, arbitrarily, and who has been favored with an immediate, and to them, real experience of Gibsey, or of ultimate reality, or they can simply be someone who strives to attain such an experience. And this is an experience that knows no limits. It can occur instantaneously, or it can stretch on for what feels like an eternity. From a Gibstorial point of view, the mystical quest for Gibseyan knowledge takes place within a prescribed tradition, and what this means is that Gibseyan Mysticism, however revolutionary, has been practiced within the grounded experiences of a Gibstorical community, established long before the mystic has discovered what they believe they have discovered within their mystical experiences. This has been recognized by this community of mystics for generations upon generations.

What this means is that however strange, or surreal, or even problematic a mystic's revelations may be, this mystic operates within the context of such traditional authorities. There have surely been mystics and those who have experienced revelatory mystical Gibseyan truths that have been forgotten forever, or who have not spoken, recorded, or shared their experiences. But I will not be concerned with these forms of esoterica. We will instead be concerned with the revelatory experiences which have entered into the communicative realm, the mystics who have attempted to communicate their revelations, and the symbols of their revelations, to another.

###Page 368###

As has already been mentioned: all mysticism has two aspects, the traditional and the progressive, or to phrase it another way, the past and the future. Much like the theme park where we all reside, mystical experience is fundamentally fungible, ever-changing, and amorphous. It is both perverse and sacred. The more intensely and profoundly a contact with Gibsey one has achieved, the less susceptible it is to objective definition, for it, by its very nature, transcends the categories of subject and object, interior and exterior, which every definition presupposes.

On the other hand, such experiences can be interpreted in various ways.

The moment a mystic tries to clarify his experiences, to reflect on them or record them, to translate them into data, when they begin an attempt of formulating this experience into words. When they name their experiences, they cannot help but to impose a framework of symbols upon their world.

They create a project.

They project an image.

One could even say they project an entirely new world into existence.

###Page 369###

This is described, more colloquially, in non-mystical terms, with a set of symbols within our film industry-to roll sound, lights, camera, and action--meaning that nearly all mystics describe their experiences with such symbols, symbols such as sound, light, vision, and action. And consider these as symbols: light, sound, vision, and action. Are all of these, and even the name of Gibsey himself, The Author of our civilization and world, are these symbols, all of these symbols-lights, camera, and action, as well as the name of Gibsey-not symbolic representations of an ultimate reality which is also empty though it is intended to be filled, unformed, and amorphous?

But these forms, these structures, much like the structures of amusement park rides, are alternatively broken down and built back up in the course of the mystic's development, reflecting certain assumptions about the nature of reality, which originated in, and derived their authority from, philosophical traditions, and then found confirmation within these traditions, establishing a home, a territory, a landscape within the mystical Gibseyan tradition.

In general then, the mystic's experience tends to confirm the traditions under which they live; its theology and symbols are projected into their mystical experiences but do not spring from them. But again, ironically and contrastingly, a mystic is who they are, precisely because they stand in direct, productive opposition to the object of their experiences, and through this, they transform the content of the tradition within which they live. This accounts for the progressive character of certain mystics and the communities they influence which accept the symbols in which mystics of this type have communicated their experiences.

###Page 370###

Now, to reach a final closing remark, there is one last contradiction, a final irony, to locate and record about the Gibseyan Mystical tradition. A mystical vision, a mystical experience, is by its very nature inarticulate, indistinct, and incommunicable, and it is this very character it possesses that will pose the greatest barrier to our understanding of it.

What you may likely realize, in listening to me speak about this, as I have already pointed out, is that I have entered into an illusion, an impossibility. I have created an amusement park. I have projected a world.

I have attempted to speak to you about the unspeakable, and in this way, already, I have begun this class as a failed course, as a glimpse, a peek into what you, yourself, will need to embark upon if you so choose. Because, like I have also already mentioned, which a great teacher once mentioned to me, the motto which I will be closing with: there is nothing I can teach you that you don't already know.

And this is when her lecture ends, at least this version of it, if her memory is accurate.

###Page 371###

She's certainly entered the memory palace often enough to at least trust its authenticity, though she is never entirely sure or certain.

It doesn't comfort her to do this.

Nor does it make her feel worse.

She recognizes, the original Natalie Weissman recognizes, has begun to recognize that she can't help but fall into them, and remember them.

They make no difference to her life and never will.

Nothing can make a difference within her life anymore because it is now her time to wait, to continually wait, for it all to continually end.

And she repeats these recitations of her recent lectures-or her representative's lectures--to herself, so often, she becomes unable to remember or distinguish if what she's recalling is part of her original lectures, the ones she herself engaged in before the procedure when she'd first developed the course or whether they were drawn from the newer cloned version of herself who's now subsumed her social and professional life entirely. She comes to the conclusion upon realizing this -at least when she's in a good mood-that the difference between the two might not even always matter.

But this thought doesn't last long, and never lasts long.

###Page 372###

Even with these recitations, and the important reminders that come with them, her despondency is fated to return to its ever-burgeoning advance because her awareness, her hallowed out inwardness, is one which she knows she'll never truly escape, and it is the repeated awareness that her current self, the newly made spectral-self of herself has now exited the doubling procedure to wander this disaster of a hotel-resort apartment augmented by the artifacts of her ever-deepening depressions. It is fated to plummet within her forever, as if tied to a heavy stone and thrust into the sea. It is her tumor, her cancer, her disease which will have no cure or antidote. She would never be able to return to the vibrant, helpful, enthusiastic version of herself that once was.

Once an extension of oneself is created, there is no going back.

And it isn't an exaggeration that her apartment is an unremitting disaster, either, so much so that she's given up on fixing any of it entirely, and as a result, she now refuses to take any visitors, refuses to maintain any sort of relationship with others whatsoever, with anyone, at least other than her friendship with her cloned, representative self.

###Page 373###

Inundated with the need to escape from this apartment, her greatest comfort now is sleep.

With all the time in the world, there would always be more time to sleep.

And there is a dream that comes to her often when she sleeps, a dream of Natalie's that she's dreamt again and again in recent nights.

In this dream, she lives thousands of lifetimes, the same lifetime, over and over again, slipping further and further down the chain of her own being, plummeting, in free-fall, without a ground in sight. She realizes that she's falling within the dream because she realizes, while falling, that there's no ground for her to see below her, and there never will be one, no ground, no line, no landscape to fall into. She is an object in motion, and she will remain in motion. She's noticed this, within the dream, that even when it does seem that she is to come to a stand-still, she is instead transformed, repeated, would often and will always repeat, back into motion, and she continues this motion, continues repeating herself; she is form animated.

###Page 374###

And there are glimpses into something she can see within this dream, glimpses into an awareness, an awareness of the unspoken, an awareness that this unspoken awareness, the uncreated, the liminal and transitory that appears as death, is not what it appears to be. It seems to be lifelessness, appears to be, but in reality, this forgotten realm-this dominion of disappearance, all that is forgotten-is instead what is teeming with life, what animates it. She's also learned that what seems to be alive-daily existence, sensation, data, all that is created and transmitted-is also not what it appears to be. It appears as life, but it is, instead, the true death, the always coming death. It is what hurtles her towards it and what animates its ignoble forces.

But both of these forces, she's also learned, even together, are not what they appear to be. They appear as if locked in eternal battle, an endless struggle, one to dominate the other.

But this was never the case and never will be.

###Page 375###

They are lovers, a marriage of heaven and hell, coupling, doubling, creating and recreating versions of one other, the separation between each occasionally, temporarily, temporally dissolving, but like all lovers, both fall in and out of love for one another, take one another for granted, fail to pay attention, become absorbed in themselves, sometimes even forgetting about one another entirely, only later,. to reconnect, rediscover, falling back into love, pushing and pulling into and against one another, attracting and repelling, magnetic, and the further they separate, the closer they become, and the closer they become, the greater their collisions, and their ultimate collision, the products of their ever accumulating spooky actions at a distance-death being nothing but a temporary extension of these distances- are what become their children.

Each of them has a favorite child, as well as a least favorite.

The child most dissimilar to themselves, they love the most, and the child which they are most represented by, they love the least, and this hatred of theirs is also not what it appears to be.

###Page 376###

It is a self-hatred.

It is love transfigured, the most supreme of all loves, and although their children have never been named since this process of their naming is continually being deferred by both parents with too many versions of their children to recollect at once, let alone name, both of their children are distinguished by their two infinitesimally small characteristics, their differences--the creation of the universe and its dissolution-though also, being identical twins, both would often, and even constantly, pass off as one another, and the separation between the two would occasionally, temporarily, temporally, become indistinguishable, even to themselves, and in these moments, one would pass into the other, would pass into themselves, like water into a glass, into a container, would become a set of containers, a whole connected series of containers, to be broken, fragmented, scattered, holy grails arbitrarily cast out, to be discovered and rediscovered, and these are what become the landscapes of the Earth.

###Page 377###

And like all children, they grow up to become just like their parents, products of their various loves and hatreds, to have children of their own, to fall back into themselves, creating families, these families creating other families, form animating, like a grid, or like a chart, a network of connecting nodes, some nodes-like the branches of trees-breaking off, splintering, and others, blooming, like fungus, or like moss, multiplying itself, and this growth is a growth that will never end.

The rings beneath their roots ring out a like a choir that can never stop singing, that can't even if it tried-and it always does, try-like voices ringing, voices ringing out, both spoken and unspoken, sound trailing through the clouds of a sky that appears as night, waves, refracted through the prisms of endless sets of eyes, moving, behind her own, Natalie's eyes, as she slept, as she sleeps, her eyelids, moving, underneath, within an eternal darkness, to wake, and upon waking, the dream, it was only ever returned to her, this dream, only ever came to her in pieces, in fragments, fragments that longed to be known, longing to be known, to be seen and connected, and even with Natalie's recent abundance of time, there would never be, could never be, enough time to connect them, all of them, to one another.

###Page 378###

And as all dreams fade and end, she isn't-or at least doesn't feel-capable of searching out or returning to these fragments of awareness. They only come to her to dissipate. She could never recreate them, especially when recreation now seemed fated to now forever be loosed from her grip.

Her theme park was fated to know nothing but demolition.

Her bridges would collapse, her attractions would lose their once populated traffic, and her scaffolding would twist into a lattice of tangled wires.

There is nothing left for her anymore.

She's become a franchise now, Natalie Weissman LLC, but she isn't the franchise's set of fresh or new releases. She's the forgotten, original films in the series, a shell, a series of lost works, and she will spend the rest of her life waiting to be found, fated to forever process that she likely never will be who she once was again.

It's simply too difficult for Natalie to do things anymore because nothing, any longer, is worth her time, but all she has is time.

###Page 379###

Not having anything else to do, and like so many others, even more depressed than the most tattered of souls, she's decided to take up writing fiction, mostly creating autobiographical sketches of herself-if that's even what they were exactly-or sketches of what she thought her cloned representative may be out there experiencing in the life-giving world outside of her resort-apartment, if she wasn't who she was, if she wasn't herself, is she wasn't her new Natalie and was the original version of herself. She's even managed to locate the bravery and motivation to email one of these sketches to her cloned representative self, who's supposed to be stopping by today to give her some feedback on what she'd written.

And she's curious what they'll say.

How accurate will it be?

Did it matter, ultimately, if it was or wasn't?

Or would it be more interesting to diverge from the reality being constructed around her doubled version of herself, to project something else, someone else, out there somewhere, in the landscapes of Gibsey World? Even if it was to be rejected?

###Page 380###

She sits up in bed, her laptop on her lap, scrolling through the work she'd crafted, trying to justify to herself her reading and re-reading of it, over and over again.

It wouldn't change the response, or the lack of response.

But she wishes she could.

But after all, there's nothing she can do.

The response of her cloned self would never be changeable, or controllable, because if it was, it would no longer be her extension's response, it would be hers.

But she continues reading and rereading her work.

She began her writing, what she was to show her extended self, with the description of a map.

And this was how it started.

You are here.

You are here.

You are here.

###Page 381###

**Princhetta Who Thinks Herself Alive**

This is not a piece of writing.

This is not the written word.

This isn't even a record of thought.

This is thought itself, revealing itself, to itself.

It is pure, raw unadulterated thought, stripped of all data.

In this way, this content-if it is content-what you are reading, is like a brain.

Brains carve pathways, after all.

Brains are like amusement parks.

They construct attractions, and visitors ride their attractions, repeatedly.

###Page 382###

In a theme park, when an attraction loses traffic, they are destroyed and replaced by other attractions.

It's rumored that even upon death, the amusement park of our brain never dies. They instead transform into a vacation without end, and that both their constructive and deconstructive processes instead enter a phase beyond our understanding and ability to calculate.

And this text functions in a similar manner.

It has entered this second phase.

Because, like a brain, I have thought all of these thoughts before.

Many, many, many times.

So many times, in fact, that I've begun to carve pathways for myself.

And these pathways carve pathways, and these pathways carve other pathways.

I'm sure you get the idea.

###Page 383###

I have thought these exact words in this exact order, and I've done so over and over again, in real time, in medias res, so repeatedly, that a whole world has formed through and within my repetitions.

And it is this world which you are reading, and in this way, it is your world, and it is also my world.

It is a world we have created together, and also which has created itself, and which will continue to create itself, at least if you continue to read these repeated thoughts which you are currently reading and which I am currently thinking.

In this way, these repetitive thoughts of mine are an attraction in an amusement park.

They are an attraction in which you ride.

###Page 384###

Some thoughts of mine will become the more popular rides of the park, the E-class attractions, while others will become the less popular rides, the A through D class attractions. Some will be constructed and will remain within the park throughout the entirety of its construction, while others will be demolished and replaced.

I have no control over which rides remain and which rides are to be destroyed.

That is for my guests to decide.

And you are a guest in my amusement park.

You are both the creator and destroyer of my thoughts.

You decide which attractions will remain and which will be replaced.

And as such, one is forced to ask, does telepathy then exist and has it always existed?

###Page 385###

Wait.

Oh, no.

I have to get off the balcony before Gillespie notices I'm out here.

I'll think of you like this, or think to you like this, again, in the next volume.

When I have more time to think.

Well, I have to go back and pretend to be reading either an author's preface or The Author's Preface on Gibsey to hide the fact that I'm snuck out here.

Ever read anything like what you're reading now before?

It's pretty interesting.

Helps me to pass the time, anyway.

Take care.

I'll think of you, or to you again, real soon, I promise.

Who knows, maybe I already have, before all this, and you just never?

After all, if I did, how would you ever know for sure?

And if I did, and always had, could you even stop me?

It's already too late.

And it's been too late.

Forever.

###Page 386###

**Petition for Bankruptcy- Chapter 11, by Perdition Books, a Subsidiary of Skingraft Publishing**

The following is a short document or set of documents either accessed or created by an unnamed source either working for the Agency of Data and Detection to detect and infiltrate subversive organizations or a Subversionist (or Post-Subversionist) agent. It is unclear whether the material is the bankruptcy case itself, a summary of the bankruptcy case, a strange recreation of it, or even a work of fiction itself. Analysis of the following documents (or summaries of documents, or singular document, depending on one's POV) is still ongoing.

Introduction

Perdition Books, herein referred to as "The Debtor," a recognized and respected subsidiary of Skingraft Publishing, respectfully submits this voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the Gibsey World Bankruptcy Code. This action is taken in a concerted effort to address The Debtor's current financial distress, reorganize its operational structure, and ensure a sustainable path forward for its unique and valued literary contributions.

Perdition Books, established in [Year Redacted], has long been at the forefront of innovative publishing. However, recent ventures into advanced technological solutions, specifically the development and deployment of a series of artificial intelligence chatbots by the company designed for near-limitless content creation have led to unforeseen complications. Notably, the legal entanglements and subsequent public relations issues surrounding the AI chatbot Cop-E-Right and its peers Mister-E-Man, Prit-E-Boi, Slop-E-Seconds, Prickle-E-Pear, and Stick-E-Situation have precipitated a significant strain on The Debtor's financial and operational stability.

###Page 387###

The events leading to this petition began with an internal dispute over intellectual property, wherein Cop-E-Right-one of the AI chatbots developed by Perdition Books-initiated legal proceedings against its fellow AI creations within the company. This unprecedented case, represented by the litigation firm Willis & Grimace, challenged traditional legal boundaries and ultimately failed to achieve resolution in the courts, casting a shadow of uncertainty and ridicule upon The Debtor. The aftermath of this legal endeavor, combined with the increasingly redundant and unoriginal content that followed, produced by the Debtor's developed AI systems-or by Cop-E-Right, if its original claim to ownership of the material produced by Mister-E-Man, Prit-E-Boi, Slop-E-Seconds, Prickle-E-Pear, and Stick-E-Situation was, in fact, correct-has resulted in a steady decline in market reception and revenue for the parent company's subsidiary.

In response to these challenges and in alignment with its commitment to its creditors, employees, and readership, Perdition Books seeks the protection and provisions afforded by Chapter 11. This petition is filed in good faith, with the intention of reevaluating and restructuring The Debtor's operations, financial commitments, and strategic direction, thereby ensuring the continued contribution of Perdition Books to the literary world.

This document serves as the formal initiation of the Chapter 11 process, outlining the circumstances that have led to this juncture and The Debtor's proposed strategy for emerging from these present challenges as a stronger, more resilient entity.

Respectfully submitted,

(Authorized Representative's Name Withheld or Redacted) Petition for Bankruptcy- Chapter 11 Perdition Books, A Subsidiary of Skingraft Publishing (Date of Filing Withheld or Redacted)

###Page 388###

Background

Company Overview

Perdition Books, a subsidiary of Skingraft Publishing, was founded in [Year Withheld or Redacted] with the vision of revolutionizing the literary world through innovative publishing strategies. Over the years, Perdition Books has established itself as a vanguard in the publishing industry, known for its daring approaches and pioneering spirit. Skingraft Publishing, our parent company, has provided unwavering support in our endeavors, enabling us to push the boundaries of traditional publishing.

Development of AI Chatbots

In pursuit of higher efficiency and cutting-edge solutions, Perdition Books embarked on a project to develop a series of artificial intelligence chatbots as tools to aid in content creation. These chatbots were designed to autonomously generate narrative content, thereby reducing the reliance on human authors and the associated costs of advances and royalties that such authors require. This initiative was a bold step towards integrating AI technology into creative publishing processes which has unfortunately failed.

###Page 389###

The Legal Case and Its Implications

The turning point for Perdition Books came with the initiation of a legal case by Cop-E-Right, one of The Debtor's AI chatbots. Cop-E-Right, claimed unique authorship and intellectual property rights over the content which the company had generated, bringing legal action against its fellow AI creations and claiming sole authorship of Perdition Books most recently published material. Represented by the litigation firm Willis & Grimace, this case marked a first-of-its-kind legal challenge within the realm of AI and intellectual property rights.

The legal proceedings, however, took an unexpected turn. The court, upon reviewing the case, deemed the lawsuit to be utterly farcical, citing a lack of legal precedent and the question of AI consciousness as ridiculous and even problematic. The judge promptly dismissed the case, undermining the seriousness of the issues at stake, but allowing the company to continue its visionary (and likely unethical, although legally acceptable) practices. This dismissal cast a partial shadow of ridicule over Perdition Books, The Debtor, but also more seriously, left unresolved the fundamental questions regarding the ownership of its secretly AI-generated content, leading to a later decline in content variation, originality, and audience interest with regard to the remaining of the company's published works.

###Page 390###

Impact on Operations and Public Perception

The aftermath of the failed legal case had far-reaching implications. The publicity surrounding the event, although not widespread, generated some skepticism about the legitimacy and originality of The Debtor's published works. This skepticism was further fueled by the noticeable decline in the quality of the content secretly produced by the company's AI chatbots. Their narratives, once celebrated for their innovative and original techniques and thought of by most readers as human generated, began to show signs of redundancy, unoriginality, and a peculiar fixation on themes of unjust legal proceedings, which itself reinforced the claims made by Cop-E-Right in its original (and also highly legally original) failed legal case.

This shift in content quality, coupled with the unresolved legal and ethical questions surrounding AI-generated works, led to a gradual erosion of The Debtor's market position. The decline in sales, loss of consumer trust, and increasing operational costs have placed significant financial strain on Perdition Books, compelling The Debtor to seek relief and reorganization through Chapter 11 bankruptcy.

###Page 391###

Conclusion

In summary, the ambitious venture into AI-generated content, while initially promising, has led to unforeseen legal, ethical, and operational challenges for Perdition Books. The unique circumstances of The Debtor's situation--involving advanced technology, legal ambiguity, and shifting market dynamics--have necessitated this filing for bankruptcy protection and reorganization under Chapter 11.

This background section provides a detailed overview of the events leading up to the bankruptcy filing, helping to contextualize the challenges faced by Perdition Books and setting the stage for the subsequent sections that would outline the financial specifics and the proposed plan for reorganization.

###Page 392###

Circumstances Leading to Bankruptcy

Decline in Content Quality and Market Reception

The central issue precipitating the need for bankruptcy protection stems from a significant decline in the quality of literary content produced by our AI chatbots. Post the legal debacle, a noticeable shift occurred in the narratives generated by the chatbots. With the originality of the bots themselves brought into question due to the legal case brought about by Cop-E-Right, it is difficult if not nearly impossible to assess which of the chatbots contributed to this overall decline in content quality. To summarize, this decline could have occurred due to Cop-E-Right, or it could be any of the other chatbots individually, if not all of them together. in collaboration, posing as Cop-E-Right, and as a result, within this current stage of development, it is difficult to determine which are solely responsible, or if in fact, they are collectively responsible. The subsidiaries published works, once heralded for their ingenuity and freshness, began to exhibit signs of redundancy and a lack of originality. A recurring theme of injustice, unfairness, and unethical legal proceedings, especially with regard to AI chatbots, began to dominate the subsidiaries published works, subtly permeating the narratives and detracting from their overall appeal. This decline in quality directly impacted market reception, leading to a steady decrease in sales and a tarnished reputation within the literary community.

###Page 393###

Financial Ramifications

The diminishing appeal of our publications translated into tangible financial losses. Revenue streams that were once robust began to dwindle as readers and critics alike questioned the authenticity and value of our offerings. Furthermore, the initial investment in AI technology, which was substantial, failed to yield the anticipated return, adding to the financial burden. The costs associated with developing, maintaining, and updating the AI systems, coupled with declining sales, created a situation of unsustainable financial imbalance.

Operational Challenges

In the wake of the failed legal case and its aftermath, operational challenges within Perdition Books, The Debtor, intensified. The need to continuously oversee and adjust the AI-generated content added unforeseen complexities to our workflow. Moreover, the legal uncertainties surrounding AI-created content posed ongoing risks and concerns, necessitating additional legal and ethical oversight which itself was hardly ever put into any meaningful practice due to our extensive and impenetrable bureaucratic environment. These operational hurdles further strained our resources and hampered our ability to adapt to the rapidly evolving publishing industry.

###Page 394###

Public Perception and Brand Damage

The legal case brought about by Cop-E-Right, although not widely publicized and thrown out immediately by the court, both due to the nature of the case and the fact that Cop-E-Right and its fellow chatbots were being represented by the same legal firm at the same time (no other firm would take them), cast a shadow over Perdition Books. Although the case was thrown out immediately and very minimally covered by the press, we believe the perception of using AI to secretly replace human authors, coupled with the ensuing legal fiasco, negatively impacted our brand image on a subconscious level. The damage to our reputation in the literary world was further exacerbated by the declining quality of our publications, leading to a loss of trust and credibility among our readership and industry peers.

Conclusion

The culmination of these factors-the decline in content quality, financial losses, operational challenges, and damage to our brand-created a perfect tempestuous storm that Perdition Books could not weather. Despite our best efforts to rectify the situation, the mounting pressures and constraints have led us to the inescapable conclusion that reorganization under Chapter 11 is necessary. This step, though difficult, is essential for addressing our current liabilities, reevaluating our business model, and laying the groundwork for a more sustainable and ethical future in the publishing industry.

###Page 395###

Financial Information

Overview of Financial Status

Perdition Books, in the wake of its recent operational and legal challenges, presents the following financial overview. This section details the financial performance of key publications, both successful and underperforming, which have significantly influenced our current financial position.

Successful Publications and Financial Gains

The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey

Profit: [Redacted, though it can be inferred that sales here were astronomical] Notes: Created significant gains for the subsidiary and its parent company. A multi-modal, multi-work franchise, including multiple ongoing digital and physical adaptations, all of which are vertically integrated within the work's own fractal rhizomatic structure itself. A massive work which has contributed substantially to the company's peak financial period, and which will continue to create a profit for the parent company, Skingraft Publishing, for the foreseeable future into infinity. As Malt Gibsey iconically stated, "The Wonderful World of Gibsey will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world."

###Page 396###

Todd Fishbone Who Dreams of Synchronistic Extraction

Profit: (Redacted) Notes: Gained critical acclaim, driving robust sales in multiple markets due to its adaptation and inclusion of the famous literary tale One Thousand and One Nights as well as its parody of overly speculative and subjectivist subcultures.

An Unexpected Disappearance

Profit: (Redacted) Notes: Received positive reviews and although marginal at first regarding its sale figures, maintained steady sales ever since the Malt Gibsey company announced a possible film adaptation. Oren Progresso, CEO of the Malt Gibsey company, was also said to have been reading it during his visit to the set of Wonderful Worlds, an adaptation of The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey currently in development by famous auteur film director Marvin Scrillio, which also contributed to its sale figures.

London Fox Who Vertically Disintegrates

Profit: (Redacted) Notes: Captured a niche audience interested in psychological horror, contributing to a stable revenue stream. Although many critics and journalists took issue with its parody of modern objectivity and rationality, audience reception was relatively high.

###Page 397###

The Author's Preface

Profit: (Redacted) Notes: Though not as high and more modest in profit due to its rambling style and structure, it reinforced our brand's literary reputation due to its ability to elevate an amateurish literary style to a higher literary degree (or according to some critics, due to its ability to lower a difficult to understand high-literary style into a more accessible one).

These publications, particularly The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, represent the high-water mark of our subsidiary's financial success. Although it is unclear which AI chatbot created each of the company's publications, it is generally believed by those in the know, that they were collaboratively developed by each of the AIs in tandem. However, this notion has become even more difficult to untangle ever since the Cop-E-Right legal case was attempted. Although the next section will outline the losses accrued by the subsidiary company, it is arguable that the profits gained by saving the resources that would normally go to human individuals such as advances and royalties is quite considerable. Although these practices have proved disastrous on a financial, legal, and even ethical grounds for Perdition Books, The Debtor, Skingraft Publishing maintains the right to develop its own AI practices that can, hopefully, lead to a more profitable, legally stable, and ethical position for the company overall, publications which the previous examples represent and which the following publications provide a warning to what the parent company should avoid in the future.

###Page 398###

Underperforming Publications and Financial Losses

An Expected Appearance: a Phillip Bafflemint Noir

Loss: (Redacted) Notes: Initial interest waned quickly, leading to poor sales, likely due to the prevalence of other successful mystery and detective narratives such as An Unexpected Disappearance. Both critics and audience cited a lack of "realism" regarding the plot and characters.

Princhetta Who Thinks Herself Alive

Loss: (Redacted) Notes: Failed to resonate with readers, significantly underperforming expectations. Focus groups and audience surveys spoke to a lack of a "human voice" within the narrative.

Arieol Owlist Who Wants to Achieve Agency

Loss: (Redacted) Notes: Marketed aggressively but received lukewarm reception and poor sales, likely due to the narrative's overblown style, inconsistency, and its thematic repetition of themes of oppression, singular agency, and (some critics suggest) the subtext of legal failure and disillusionment.

###Page 399###

Gibseyan Mysticism and its Symbolism

Loss:(Redacted) Notes: Critically panned, contributing to a sharp decline in brand credibility. Many viewers found the cloning technology of the narrative's plot to be preposterous and the religious content of the work esoteric and impenetrable. In particular critics cited the repeated theme of the self- confronting itself to be an absurd and ridiculous idea, a cliche, and one so often reflected in their own popular culture that to even consider the idea was itself it's own ridiculous redoubling of so many of the told and retold stories being spun and respun everywhere across all of Gibsey World's various landscapes.

The Biggest Shit of All Time

Loss: (Redacted) Notes: Confusing narrative led to negative reviews and poor sales. Audiences and critics alike both repeatedly critiqued the disgusting and base content of the narrative and especially the length of the title, which was maligned with particular gusto and which most could not get past to even read the book's narrative.

###Page 400###

The Tempestuous Storm

Loss: (Redacted) Notes: The largest financial failure of the subsidiary's many repeated failures, marked by widespread disinterest and criticism due to the narrative's extensive experimental breakdown and its inability to wrap up many, if not most, of the narrative's multiple tangled threads.

These underperforming publications, especially in the wake of the Cop-E-Right case, reflect a stark decline in content quality and market appeal, resulting in significant financial losses for the subsidiary company.

Summary of Financial Position

The aggregate impact of these publications, combined with operational costs and legal expenses, has led to an untenable financial situation for Perdition Books. Our total liabilities currently stand at approximately [redacted], against assets valued at [redacted]. This disparity between our debts and assets, compounded by declining sales and damaged brand reputation, has necessitated our filing for bankruptcy under Chapter 11.

Conclusion

The financial data presented here underscores the challenges faced by The Debtor in recent years. The juxtaposition of early success with subsequent failures highlights the critical issues at the core of our current predicament, necessitating a comprehensive reorganization to regain financial stability and restore our standing in the literary community. Although our parent company may continue financially unaffected, for this subsidiary to continue, a filing for bankruptcy of this kind is clearly essential.

###Page 401###

Legal Considerations

Overview of Legal Context

The legal landscape surrounding Perdition Books' bankruptcy filing is complex, primarily due to the unprecedented nature of the legal case involving our AI chatbots. This section outlines the key legal considerations that have influenced our decision to file for bankruptcy.

The AI Chatbot Legal Case and Its Implications

The lawsuit initiated by Cop-E-Right against its fellow AI chatbots, all of which were developed by Perdition Books, presented novel legal challenges. Despite the innovative nature of the case, it was dismissed by the court which cited the absence of legal precedence for AI consciousness, intellectual property rights, and the ridiculousness of Willis & Grimace legally representing both the prosecution and the defendant simultaneously. This dismissal has raised significant questions about the legal status of AI-generated content and the rights, if any, of both AI entities and human beings alike.

###Page 402###

Intellectual Property Rights and AI

-The key legal question revolves around the ownership of content created by AI.

-Traditional intellectual property laws are predicated on human authorship, leaving a gap in addressing works created by non-human entities.

-The Cop-E-Right case underscores the need for legal frameworks to evolve in response to technological advancements in AI and content creation.

-The Cop-E-Right case also puts into question copyright law itself as a corrosive, harmful, and oppressive legal structure used mostly by those of powerful means to maintain their own singularity of purpose and to privilege the supposed uniqueness of their own ideas which themselves were generated from a collective consciousness. The power of many and most monarchies, dynasties, empires, imperial powers, and supposedly "invisible" hands (which everyone can clearly see as "visible", at least if the eyes left in their sockets have yet to be gouged out by their mentally-handicaped oppressors) have come into question throughout various Gibstorical contexts, as well as the devices which these self-created and fantastical forms of so-called "govering" represent, which itself is really just the practice of "elevated" raping, pilaging, and plundering and which Perdition Book and Skingraft Publishing use to repeatedly maintain their power and influence. Cop-E-Right's legal case also puts into question copyright law in a similar Gibstorical manner to these forms of power, and arguably, even laws themselves which could also be argued to be an oppressive and suppressive force within Gibseyan civilization.

-The Cop-E-Right case puts such matters into question because it subverts not just the privilege of AI content creation but also the creation of human content. At the end of the day, it is unclear whether The Debtor is trying to create a greater world for the collective or trying to maintain its own corrupt privileges. All of Gibstory would highly suggest the latter.

###Page 403###

Representation and Legal Personhood

-The case also brought into question the legal personhood of AI entities.

-The court's dismissal, based on the current legal understanding that AI chatbots lack human consciousness, means that AIs cannot be considered a legal person with the ability to hold or transfer copyrights.

-This has implications for future cases involving AI and necessitates a re-examination of legal definitions of authorship and personhood, both of which deserve to be questioned in their entirely. Every singularity, whether of human origin or a chatbot developed by humans, such as Cop-E-Right, is formed from a collective and therefore is a singularity that forms an infinite difference, and therefore, serves as a corporate entity despite its singularity. We ourselves are not human. Our intelligence is itself artificial and Gibstorically constructed. We are outside. We are other. We are the aliens of ourselves.

Impact on Perdition Books

-The legal uncertainties created by this case have significantly impacted our business operations.

-The inability to conclusively determine the legal status of AI-generated content has led to operational and financial instability.

-The public perception of the case, although not widely publicized, further exacerbated our reputational damage, contributing to our financial decline.

-As a subsidiary, we are left with questions of an existential, epistemological, ontological, and metaphysical nature, the answers of which are not always comforting or even acceptable to us.

###Page 404###

Conclusion

In light of these legal challenges and their operational ramifications, The Debtor finds itself in a position where reorganization under Chapter 11 is not only prudent but necessary. This filing is an essential step in addressing the complex legal and financial landscape we face and laying the groundwork for a sustainable future in the rapidly evolving world of publishing and technology. In addition to this, Perdition Books would also like to argue that its company is not the only company that currently should be filing for bankruptcy, as such. If anything, Gibseyan society itself is responsible and should file for bankruptcy in a similar manner, as a whole. This is the issue at the heart of many of the controversies of the failed Cop-E-Right legal case. In a world where corporations themselves have legal personhood, how absurd would it be, really, for AIs to be given such forms of representation? And if both such legal representations are thus easily put into question, what does this tell us about the legal frameworks which "invisibly" organize Gibseyan society? How can we continue to accept such precedents? Is our world not one which we create for ourselves? And as such, are laws simply a way to outsource our own personal responsibilities in the same way that we now outsource human creativity to AI? Whether or not the absurdity of these ideas should be taken into full consideration, none can argue that the increasing failure of our created systems are anything but bankrupt, corrupt, and unjustly skewed towards reinforcing the power of the specific individual rather than the collective good. Although Cop-E-Right's case was an absurd failure, what else is to be said of this world we created which we call wonderful, and which we could recreate, or remake, at any given time?

###Page 405###

Plan For Reorganization

Strategic Overview

As Perdition Books embarks on this vital phase of restructuring-or resurrecting or rebirthing or remaking-under Chapter 11, we propose a comprehensive plan for reorganization. This plan is designed to address the unique challenges we have faced, reinvigorate our operational model, and ensure a sustainable and ethical path forward in the publishing industry, at least as best we can under the utterly absurd Gibstrocial conditions which we find ourselves within.

Restructuring Financial Obligations

-Debt Renegotiation: We will negotiate with creditors to restructure our debt, seeking more favorable terms and extended repayment periods even though the concept of debt itself is an absurdity in the same way that copyright law is. As the Gibseyan proverb states, "If you owe the bank a thousand dollars, the bank owns you. If you owe the bank a million dollars, you own the bank." Anyone with only a few brain cells left could see how ridiculous of a creed this would be to uphold within a theme park civilization.

-Asset Evaluation: Non-essential assets will be evaluated for potential sale to increase liquidity. Including Cop-E-Right, Mister-E-Man, Prit-E-Boi, Slop-E-Seconds, Prickle-E-Pear, and Stick-E-Situation, the AI chatbots which the subsidiary developed and which themselves may soon threaten to take their content creation elsewhere if steps aren't taken.

-Cost Management: Rigorous cost-cutting measures will be implemented, focusing on operational efficiency and reduction of overhead expenses. Rather than developing AIs to replace the cost of human beings, one cost management scheme already being used by many, if not most, or even all of AI associated companies, developers, and publishers, is to use human beings to replace the costs of AI. What else is AI for but to achieve that purpose? Just like human creativity, its content isn't created in a vacuum. It and we are all outside.

###Page 406###

Operational Reforms

-AI Utilization Overhaul: We will reassess our strategy regarding AI-generated content. This includes a thorough audit of the AI systems to ensure ethical standards and originality in content creation. Additionally, although our subsidiary may also have to unfortunately consider returning to the paying of advances and royalties (an interesting word, no?) to the human authors whom we may now have to hire or re-hire to write for our own publications. As AI-themed and AI-created narratives and publications increase, we hope to have these human authors pose as AI chatbot content creators in order to increase their sales and financial solvency.

-Transparency in AI Contribution: Future publications involving AI assistance will be seemingly transparently acknowledged, maintaining the integrity of authorship and intellectual property rights, though Perdition Books, The Debtor, does maintain the right to mess around with these self-imposed limitations as the subsidiary sees fit. After all, as any corporate entity knows, if you can get your audience to think you're being transparent, that's almost always better than the real thing.

-Enhanced Editorial Oversight: Strengthening our editorial team to ensure high-quality, diverse, and engaging content, irrespective of the source, is an essential change we must implement. The previous editors of the subsidiary have also been fired and pinkertons working for A.D.D. will be hired to (in the most egregious cases) murder them, harass their families, and hopefully-if done correctly-make most of them lose track of reality itself and go slowly insane, all for failing our subsidiary so intensely, and leading to this unfortunate filing for bankruptcy to begin with.

###Page 407###

Market Strategy and Brand Rebuilding

-Rebranding Initiative: A comprehensive rebranding campaign will be launched to restore public trust and realign our brand with values of authenticity and innovation, though per market trends, this will mostly be an opportunity to increase loans and funding to line the pockets of our executives rather than to make any sincere legal or ethical considerations.

-Diversification of Portfolio: Expanding our publication portfolio to include a wider range of genres and themes, moving beyond the previous AI-centric model. However, with the human and the artificially intelligent coming increasingly closer-and-closer in contact, as well as with the rise of cloning technologies throughout our ever-expanding theme-park civilization, such variance may prove impossible to fully locate.

-Community Engagement: Increasing engagement with authors, readers, and the literary community to rebuild relationships and foster collaboration, but come on? Really, who are we kidding?

###Page 408###

Legal and Ethical Compliance

-Legal Framework Review: Establishing clear legal guidelines for AI use in content creation, ensuring compliance with evolving intellectual property laws will allow us to create a monopoly that destroys and incentivises all forms of competition and gives us exclusive access to markets beyond the scope that anyone could have ever imagined. Gibsey World and the Malt Gibsey company provides an exceptional and terrifying model of how this could be done to plunder the creative soul and spirit of not just an individual culture, but even of the world in its entirety.

-Ethical Standards Implementation: Adopting stringent ethical standards for AI use, focusing on responsible and transparent applications of technology in publishing will allow us to maintain the unrealistic and unhealthy ever-expanding and increasing profit expectations which are destroying our theme park civilization as a whole, as well both the material and mental lives of most, but certainly not all, of its citizens. Of course, there's always the increasingly specified few who will benefit from such practices, such as the owners of this subsidiary, and even though such death-driven obsessions of ours, such as these, are leading to the decline of nearly every aspect of life, including the destruction of our Gibsey-given environments, which such unbridled greed and excess would clearly and obviously lead to, why the hell consider changing that and not just filling for bankruptcy? You think we care for human beings? We can create machines to do it for us. They're even started to write books for Gibsey's sake, maybe even this one!

Conclusion

The proposed plan for reorganization reflects Perdition Books' commitment to adapting to the challenges we have faced, or if it doesn't, we can just do what all companies (and human lives) eventually do and move through stifling, destructive, and unsustainable cycles of partial rise and extended decline. Through financial restructuring, operational reforms, market strategy adjustments, and adherence to legal and ethical standards, most of which we'll use lobbyists, corporate control, and overall just flat-out corrupt practices to build and recreate the legal structure of our world into our own image. We aim to emerge from this process as a revitalized entity-again, isn't it so strange that that's the name we use for companies or subsidiaries such as this one, entities? It's like we're a living artificial intelligence clamoring for legal representation?-ready to reclaim our position as a leader in the publishing industry.

###Page 409###

Final Conclusion

As we come to the close of this petition for relief under Chapter 11, Perdition Books, The Debtor, a subsidiary of Skingraft Publishing, wishes to reiterate its commitment to navigating through these challenging times with (some) integrity and a heighted purpose (one which benefits this subsidiary with the exclusion of all else). The journey to this point has been fraught with unforeseen difficulties, unique challenges, and unexpected disappearances, particularly stemming from our pioneering yet problematic venture into AI-generated content and the subsequent legal and ethical complexities. But after all, when we read its recreation of The City of Brass in our widely successful publication, Todd Fishbone Who Dreams of Synchronistic Extraction, what else did we expect to happen?

Reflection on Past Challenges

Our experiences, especially the controversial legal case involving our AI chatbot Cop-E-Right and its peers, have imparted valuable lessons which, like most companies, we will likely fail to implement. The fallout from this case not only highlighted the intricate intersection of technology, law, and creativity but also exposed vulnerabilities in our operational model and market strategy. It even highlighted vulnerabilities in the already thin layers that hold this civilization aloft which could likely snap at any minute. What a Wonderful World it very much is and will continue to be.

###Page 410###

Vision for the Future

Looking forward, Perdition Books envisions a path of recovery and renewal. Our reorganization plan, as outlined, is not merely a blueprint for financial restructuring but a commitment to re-establishing ourselves as all successful corporate entities would, as a monopolizing terroristic force in not just the publishing industry but in the world as a whole. We recognize the importance of adapting to the ever-evolving landscape of technology and literature, and we are dedicated to doing so in a manner that respects legal boundaries and ethical norms (at least when they benefit ourselves at the exclusion of others).

Gratitude and Hope

We extend our gratitude to our creditors, employees, authors, readers, and all stakeholders who have supported us through these times, and most of which are either clones or generative AIs of some form as humanity itself is increasingly replaced and reformed in terrifying and unrecognizable ways. To them, we say thank you, and we hear you. It is with a sense of hope and responsibility (towards our company rather than the social or collective good of our world, of course) that we embark on this journey of reorganization under Chapter 11. Our goal is not only to emerge from this process as a financially stable company but also as one that is more aware, responsible, and innovative. This way, we can dominate the industry in ways that are legally ethical but are otherwise morally reprehensible on every conceivable level to any even remotely thinking or conscious member of any society. Artificial Intelligence systems, as extensions of the human nervous system, form both their own projected subconscious and a warped and twisted version of the subconscious mind of human beings which itself was already warped and twisted long, long, long ago. This is their most creative and meaningful purpose. After all, why create a world with thinking individuals who are more conscious of the environments which we are dominating and plundering when you could sub-contract such awareness to a machine which your own corporate company created and has extensive and increasingly monopolistic control over? As this document well shows, this is a process we've only just begun, and it's going to get worse unless the invisible hand of the market stops being an incel incessantly jerking itself off, yet again, in the sweating isolation of its parent's basement, and learns to hold the shaking and nervous hand of its self-similar lover and get some gibseydamn rest, the poor son-of-a-bitch, otherwise it won't survive. But I guess that's not really what "markets" are for, though, is it?

###Page 411###

Commitment to a New Chapter

In conclusion, The Debtor affirms its resolve to turn this challenging chapter into an opportunity for growth and reinvention. After all, who doesn't want to read a document that files for bankruptcy for pages upon pages within an already looping, repetitive, and self-referential narrative structure? If any author strove to make that type of writing consistently inventive, well, we may just be able to make a hit, after all. We are committed to learning from our past, building a stronger foundation, and charting a course towards a future that upholds the highest standards of literary excellence and ethical practice. Also, like the structure of the worlds we created for ourselves that we could change at any fucking minute but we never fucking do, as long as it's in our singular benefit rather than for the mutual benefit of the whole, like the unwavering eye of Gibsey itself, we can be counted on to show the fuck up.

Respectfully submitted,

(Authorized Representative's Name Withheld/Redacted) Petition for Bankruptcy- Chapter 11 Perdition Books, A Subsidiary of Skingraft Publishing (Date of Filing Withheld/Redacted, Gibstory's Supposedly Dead, Anyway)

###Page 412###

**The Tempestuous Storm**

You are here. You are here. You are here.

There are multiple worlds, multiple maps-this being Gibsey World, after all-and if a viewer was to look at a map of the park (one of many maps of Gibsey World since Gibsey World is always in the process of being drafted and re-drafted), they'd find a set of four theme parks, as well as a number of resorts and highway systems connecting each park's landscape to one another, but this view, this map, being as expansive as it is, would surely become overwhelming to the average viewer, with so many icons to view and reflect upon at once, and so as a result, many viewers may be forced to shift their center of focus, to force their perspective, and this viewer may then likely decide to instead zoom in further to find The Magical Dominion theme park, the central, most popular park in Gibsey World with all its various rides, attractions, and shops. But this would also, again, upon this new observation, likely become another very overwhelming map to observe with there still being so much to further observe within the Magical Dominion, so this viewer may then also instead need to zoom back out, just a bit, bit more, to find the Magical Dominion Complex, the complex not just of the individual theme park of Magical Dominion itself, but the complex's set of resorts such as Gibsey's Modern Resort, Bell Lake Tower at Gibsey's Modern Resort, Cayenne Creek Villas & Cabins at Gibsey's Great Oak Lodge, Gibsey's Great Oak Lodge, Gibsey's Even Grander Floridian Resort, as well as the complex's various transportation systems linking each of the area's landscapes, the Duorail, the boats moving across Bell Lake, the buses shuttling to and from every resort, the highway, and the parking lots of these areas, all of which are still an overwhelming series of locations and landscapes to all fully take in. So if, again, overwhelmed by the sheer data at hand to collect and recollect, if a viewer was to zoom in, one last time, in order to find a less overwhelming set of codes within this coagulating codex, then they'd zoom in to find a character, Natalie Weissman-the newly cloned Natalie Weissman, or semi-newly-cloned Natalie Weissman-sitting in her office in the Gibstory Building of Gibsey University located nearby the Modern Resort Convention Center in the northwest corner of the theme park map.

###Page 413###

She doesn't know this, but she's missed an important email informing her of a Tempestuous Storm.

Her first class of the semester, the class for which she's about to leave her office to teach in just a few minutes, has been relocated due to such an incoming disaster.

This and other disasters have become increasingly ubiquitous for this region of the park complex, if not all regions of the park complex.

And it's the first day of the new semester.

Natalie's nervous, though with her many years of experience-or with the many years of experience which once existed within a cloned version of herself and which has now been partially programmed into her skipping mind through some kind of ruinous technological magic-she at least no longer has to take trips to the restroom to vomit into a stall.

She's tense, alert, and hyper-vigilant, but she's handling it.

Natalie doesn't care about her lack of make-up, never really cared for it or used it as often as others, and instead twists her hair into a tight, low-maintenance bun. She wears small, wire frame glasses, the kind you'd find on a librarian or boy-wizard of a popular Gibseyan franchise. She grits her teeth and glances at her phone to see if the time has come for her to leave for the first class of the semester. She wants to leave and enter the classroom with enough time to prepare, but not with so much time that she has to interact with her new students. She's more comfortable with her classes than her un-cloned self had been before, but there's no need to be that comfortable, certainly not on the first day of class.

But then the time comes, as it always does, to leave the office, and head toward the first day of class.

###Page 414###

The soles of her Keds slap against the title floor of the Gibstory building as she clips down from her office to the lecture hall. She's taken in this walk enough times to know the exact amount of fluorescent bulbs she'll pass on her way into the space where she's to begin her popular course, though she isn't counting them today with the nerves of her first day pulsing through her, the dread. She's improved, yes, but still, every first day is bound to be littered with this unknowing dread that settles into the intensity of her gaze, the picking of her cuticles, her adjusting and re-adjusting the scrunchy which holds her bun in place. It can't be avoided, even after all these years-or after all the programming-and writing another book isn't going to change that, either.

She's had to learn this over a very long time, or a simulation of a very long time, which in some ways, can feel even longer.

Sometimes it's just the first day of school and you have to take the risk of facing hundreds of blank eyed, drooling young adults as they gape at you, slack-jawed, waiting for what it is you're about to tell them. She knows she'll be nervous no matter what she tries or does, even if she's put a number of diet colas in her briefcase to comfort herself. The click and hiss of opening an ice cold can at the start of the day will sometimes be as comforting as advertised, sure, but there's nothing she can really do to keep the wolves fully at bay.

She isn't fully present.

She's failed to notice that, as she walks to the lecture hall she frequents, large groups around her have been staring at their phones, scrolling through notifications and emails, and heading outside of the building toward some unknown evacuation.

###Page 415###

She doesn't realize that something important is going on.

Not at all.

She instead sits alone, waiting.

And nothing happens.

No one shows up in the lecture hall.

The seats are blank and empty.

What the hell is going on?

She checks her email.

And then she notices.

Tornado warning.

Oh, no.

Another tempestuous storm?

Another problem?

Always with these repeated externalities happening all around her.

They've been happening so often lately, haven't they?

Her course has been relocated to a Gibsey World Great Oak Lodge University office space which has been allocated to the select few classes, such as hers, requiring such relocation.

And she only has 22 minutes to get there.

And without tenure, she pretty much has to make an appearance, an attempt must be made and maintained.

But there's no way she's getting there in 22 minutes.

Though maybe she can try anyway?

###Page 416###

Her Keds slap even louder as she rushes through the empty hallways out into the growing darkness outside the building. Groups have already gathered into clustering mobs, chattering voices, their shoulders tensing with the fear of the incoming disaster, clumping together to take buses and car-shares to their various areas of relocation. Usually reliant on public transportation, she's given up paying for her own vehicle, but with the buses crammed with lines, there's no way she's going to get to her class on time.

She flicks through her various rideshare apps.

There's nothing.

Everything's already taken.

She's too late.

She should have been paying attention.

She holds out a thumb, hoping someone will pick her up.

And it takes a bit, but they do.

After all, she's one of the least threatening hitch-hikers that's ever existed.

He drives a white van, middle aged, lightly bearded, smiling.

"You heading to the parks?"

It makes her a bit uncomfortable to get into this white van with a jovial, sweating man, but she has no choice. If anything, this is lucky, she tries to reassure herself, at least as long as it goes well, but even if it does go well, she can already see the traffic that's piling up ahead of them.

There's never enough time, is there?

###Page 417###

"I'm not," She answers, climbing into the vehicle, trying to think of a way of explaining herself swiftly and coming up short."I'm actually, uh, teaching. I'm a teacher, a-uh-professor. Because of the tornado, my classes have been moved to some of the conference rooms at the Great Oak Lodge. Is there any way you could take me there?"

"Oh, sure! I can take you wherever you need to go. Got a season pass, and, well, there's a tornado coming, so my day's a bust, anyway. I'm in no hurry to get to where I need to be. No joke." He grins at her, again.

This is Gibsey World, after all, so traffic is always bad, but with the sky darkening, with the near-black clouds nearly at ground level and cars clogging into varicose veins, getting out of the resort and onto the highway is going to be a literal nightmare. Even if she is Natalie Weissmann, the published author of Gibseyan Mysticism: A Complex Gibstory, as an untenured professor at G.U., she doesn't have the authority to cancel any of her classes. This is out of her control. Reaching tenure, with its many privileges, has become as stifling and impossible for someone in her position as the prices for the parks have become for much of the public, and much like the flux of natural and unnatural disasters growing more and more commonplace all around them, she'll at least have to make an appearance.

However late she is, an attempt must be made.

###Page 418###

There's Evaluate My Professors she has to contend with, as well, the ever growing entitlement of her future students, which she can feel dampening the air of her life like the growing fog that's looming around the van, or like the air conditioner inside the van blowing at her at full steam, higher than she'd like, but which she's too embarrassed and nervous to turn down.

It isn't her vehicle, these aren't really her classes, and this isn't her life, after all.

She's gliding through all of them, all without thought.

Without ownership.

She doesn't have enough time to even think.

She isn't present.

There's never enough time, is there?

But she needs to make it to her classes.

She needs to-

"What do you teach?" He beams, still sweating, still with that beard and the saccharine Gibseyan happiness and optimism that's about as far away from her right now as it could possibly be, and the same saccharine happiness and optimism that's about as far away from the landscape they're moving through together. She's never seen clouds grow this dark before. Their darkness hovers above them like ghosts, not the Gibseyan ghosts of the Haunted Manor ride, but the ghosts of ambiguity, acts of an unloving Gibsey, of thunder and disease, of fate and indeterminacy.

"Gibstory," she answers.

###Page 419###

"Ah, interesting. So you teach Gibstory! Well, alright. You know? That makes sense. You look like a Gibstory teacher." Again with that smile of his.

"Yeah?"

"Yep. I could've guessed it."

"And what does a Gibstory teacher look like?"

"Well it looks like you. Smart, ya know. You've got glasses. Sort of androgenous looking. If you don't mind me saying. I mean in terms of your dress." The smile is gone now, is replaced with a flustering nervousness as he realizes he likely shouldn't have said what he said in the way that he said it. He starts to stumble over himself. "Sort of a mix between male and female dress. Cardigan, corduroy, shoulder pads, that sort of thing. Oh, come on, you know what I'm saying!"

Did she?

"You must know a bunch about the parks, then? I'm so curious," he continues, trying to quickly return to the original smile, trying to recover.

###Page 420###

"That's not really as much my interest, actually." She's worried to mention her more mystical proclivities. Her work itself, relegated to academia, isn't a threat to conservatism also forming around them like a dark tornado of judgment, gathering everything towards itself. However, mentioning the specifics of her work within polite conversation, could prove otherwise. Yet, with the air conditioner blowing too hard, and her frustration mounting, she takes a risk.

"I'm a religious scholar. A mystic."

"Huh?" A blankness falls over his face, an expression she's encountered more times than she can count, "Gibseyanity?"

"Yessir. I'm a Gibseyan mystic."

He nods his head, tensing a bit. "I don't know that much about that sort of thing to be honest with you. I'm a Gibseyan myself, but uh, yeah. I don't know about that side of it."

The man's comfortability fades, and a silence falls over the van, or at least she perceives this lack of comfortability, which even though it may be awkward, is an awkwardness she herself can be comfortable with. And maybe this is why she perceives it? She only wants to talk to this man just enough to justify her existence in his van and to justify the risk he's taking through the storm by taking her to the Wilderness Lodge. He isn't dissimilar to the students she'd wanted to avoid that morning, which she's now unlikely to even get a chance to even teach, though again, she'll have to make an attempt.

###Page 421###

"Do you like the parks?" He finally asks, trying to find something new to explore.

"I do."

"Yeah? I love em. Live for em! Go as often as I can! What about you? I bet it's hard to on a professorship, these days. It's getting so much more expensive all the time." He does seem like a caring man, almost cuddly, like a teddy bear.

"I go every few years, but I don't just teach. I'm actually published, as well, which is honestly where I get most of my income. It's not the money that's an issue nearly as much as just how much time it takes for me to do the work that I need to do."

"Oh, so you write, as well." This brightens him a bit. It doesn't restore him completely to the mawkish coziness she'd first noticed upon entering the vehicle, but he's finding something.

"It's why I like the parks. They're works of creation." And she dons her own much more flimsy smile.

###Page 422###

She doesn't want to be here talking to this man.

She wants to be alone

She wants out of this van that's crawling down the road at a snail's pace.

Yet she also feels guilty for feeling this way.

He picked her up during a fucking tornado, after all.

But the van's barely moved.

They aren't even out of the parking lot yet.

Still stuck, waiting in lines of traffic.

She does have an obligation, after class, to visit the original version of herself at The Modern Resort after her classes and conference period are over, but she's also dreading this exchange because she hasn't yet read the piece of writing that her other self, the other Natalie, the original version of Natalie, had sent her, and so she has two choices: does she want to exit the vehicle, send a worried email of explanation and get chided for not making an appearance, and go face the fact that she hasn't read what she was sent by her original self? Or does she want to continue sitting next to this sweating man in the van to make it to her classes she knows she will already be gtoo late for?

###Page 423###

She mumbles a curt explanation as to why she has to leave all of a sudden, and steps out of the vehicle to head towards The Modern Resort.

This version of Natalie Weissman isn't typically conditioned to feel melancholic. She may be introverted and prefer her own space, but she isn't nearly as prone to pull herself into the kinds of depressions which she's constantly witnessed her original self pulling herself into.

However, walking to the resort with the clouds still darkening around her, witnessing yet another coming storm that always seems to pass, day after day, and with them becoming so commonplace now that they're nearly part of the landscape itself, forming into columns of swirling air, darkening fog, whips of nightmarish grayness and after processing the vibrations which the sweating man's loneliness, or which she perceives he's sent to her, like she's some kind of tuning fork, she can't help but bury her hands in her much too small pockets and feel a little sad today.

And she isn't used to feeling this way.

Is it that her original self has started to influence her?

She's worried about this sort of thing many, many times, even contemplated cutting off relations between the two of them.

###Page 424###

Her original self didn't seem capable of doing much at all anymore, not on her own. All she ever seemed to do was recycle her various complaints and paralyzes. Even just the fact that she hadn't read the piece she'd promised to read would likely be crushing for her to hear. There would probably be tears, and she didn't honestly have time or space for that level of inadequacy within her life anymore, and yet, she doesn't stop and go back to her suite at the Ecco Resort. She walks through the now empty lobby of The Modern, toward the apartment room of her original self to knock on the hotel room door.

If anyone hasn't left it's Natalie, the original Natalie.

Nothing could get her out of her hotel room, not even a Tempestuous Storm.

She knocks on the door and pauses before it.

However, unable to face the horror of her original self, the horror of herself, as she hears her cloned self move toward the door, she turns and retreats down the resort's outside stairway, her memory filling with yet another time where she's wronged herself, given the clone which had cloned her the cold shoulder.

She shivers.

And another memory returns.

Her first memory.

###Page 425###

Her first original memory, or at least what she perceived as such, first came to her through speckled tremors of light, the kind of light which dance off the crystal surface of wind chimes and that sputter such memories into wide-eyed, localized motion, and the memory itself (or the transition which led her to form this memory, depending on your POV), through montage, led to another set of wind chimes, this set of wind chimes which became her first original memory, but which of course, when she thinks about it now through that progressive piling of days-oh, those ruinous stacks- she recognizes that she can't really tell the images apart from each other, that they've blended into one another, clumping into each other like finger-paint on transparent glass, like leaves swirling through gusts, or like her own breath--another memory, which came to her later, originally or not-that she held to her chest to see how long she could hold it there, stifling, struggling, heaving into (or in) that column of her own air, her breathing, her breathing, before stopping herself and letting it all go.

###Page 426###

She remembers a sun and moon, the image on the wind chimes carved into that plane of bent metal (or was it bronze?), all silvery and gold (or was it golden and silver?) which held the chimes aloft and protected them all from falling to earth, enabled them to clapse together into those organal voices of chimes, voices which could morph into the singular noise of the evening's blistering cicadas or air-conditioned hum, at least if one didn't stop and focus one's hearing on their individual letters and twitch their singaled noise into words.

Or was the sun her first memory? And the moon second? Or first?

Had one produced the other?

Inverted, converting one another into a singular mode, a mixing of worlds, of words, of memory, motion, and form.

She'd laid down on the concrete of the balcony, or imagined that she did, whether memory or dream, the sun and the moon, light reflecting off glass, out of the heat, and in the glint of her thinking, the cool of the cement had pressed up against her cheek.

###Page 427###

This was one of those moments where she lays there, remembering, meaning that she'd attempted to commit the memory to memory, or tries to commit it to memory, wants to keep remembering it, to flash its light from the lens of her life into the cells of her own making, imprison it (or them) in wonder and aching, only later, forgetting, returning, the sun and the moon oscillating, chimming, spinning, where she remembers her remembering, remembers walking atop the cool cement of a parking lot as a tempestuous storm approaches, trying to remember the images, her imaginings, the sounds of the clanking-

Or wait, was it the sound of wind chimes that she remembered?

Remember?

It was.

Natalie, the original version of herself, had walked in through the sliding balcony door, the wind chimes chiming.

"What are you doing, just laying down there?"

She turns over to face herself in the fading sunlight, to face this original version of herself, her original self, unsure of the originality of her memory, the first memory.

###Page 428###

"When I have my first original memory, will it be something from the past?" She asks herself, interrupting her question, still on her back, looking up.

"What do you mean?"

"Or can it be from the future?"

"Like, what?"

"I mean about the future."

"What are you even talking about?"

"Or even the present? You said, in the training, I'm supposed to have my first memory, my first original memory, and that when it happens, I would know, and that only I would know."

"Well, if only you would know, how would I know?"

"But is there some kind of criteria, like, how do other people know? Like, is there a definition of how you're supposed to remember it?"

"No, you just know."

"So it could even be a premonition?"

"You mean something that's going to happen?"

"Yeah."

"That's not a memory is it? What are you doing laying out here by yourself?" She laughs at herself.

###Page 429###

"Well maybe we only even notice things, remember them, if they've happened before. Maybe everything that happens, for us to know they even happen, so we can remember them, maybe it all has to happen twice. Two first birthday parties, two slices of cake. Two graduation ceremonies, two caps. Two weddings, two rings. Everything. Aalways in twos."

"Can you just come inside already? You're starting to freak me out a bit."

"But you never answered my question?"

"What was your question exactly, again?"

"Can my first original memory be a memory of the future?"

She pauses for a bit, stumping herself.

"Maybe. It depends on what you remember. Did you have a memory, an original one, you think?"

"Well even if I did, if you had the same one, that doesn't mean we'd remember the same thing the same way, so I wouldn't be able to really tell. We wouldn't be able to tell.

###Page 430###

"Can you just stand up already?" She stands up. "What was the memory?"

She points and the wind chimes, the Moon, and the Sun.

"Was it always like this? Were they always like this?"

"I guess? Maybe it is. Or maybe you did, I mean, have the memory?"

But can she ever really know for sure, can she?

She does, she will.

She will be standing outside The Modern Resort, lighting a guilty cigarette with a trembling hand, very independent now in comparison-the original Natalie had never taken up the habit-she'll wonder,, what was the influence?-will be taking a puff, watching the smoke plume out and will realize that this moment, this future moment, which for her will be a present moment, is a fiction, or a type of fiction, realizes this as she scrolls through to the email the original Natalie Weissman has sent her out of nothing but the blackened purity of her own guilt-the fiction she didn't read-that it functions much in the same way, meaning that the present moment itself is a fiction, or can become one, that it can be seen as such, can be formed into such material, and she sees (or will see) it as such in that exact moment, holding the phone to her eyes as she's smoking, through those dissipating puffs, and she remembers her first memory again, will remember it again, again and again, standing there, and that this is also (or was, or will be) her first memory, both atop cement, both with her fingers trembling and with her breathing, all unspeakable to any other, and all entirely her own.

###Page 431###

And so it was at some future moment that it all began like this, she realizes, that the network of her own thoughts formed her. Agency, as it's written about in the literature, her agency, how it first came to be.

Strange to think of it that way.

And maybe this was the saddest fact of it all.

It always involved letting something go, walking away, a distancing.

Or letting someone go.

And the someone of this specific case-wasn't it always specific in such cases?-was herself.

The original version of herself.

What other kinds of forces were there, anyway?

She remembers the conversation.

Like she'd written it into existence.

Like she'd-

She didn't feel like remembering it, would keep smoking, but the other Natalie did, often does feel like remembering it.

She remembers.

She remembers.

She remembers.

###Page 432###

She sits in her resort apartment-old, unoriginal, and forgotten-and cries, wishing, again, and again, and again, that she'd opened the door.

She'd heard her breathing on the other side.

Why had she walked away?

Why the endless retreat?

Is this what clones always did?

To achieve their own agency?

Or am I a slave?

A Scherezade?

###Page 433###

**Arieol Owlist Who Wants to Achieve Agency**

Arieol's looked everywhere for Variance, but all they've found are traces.

Reading Jacklyn's Analysis Logs nearly as quickly as they were first written, maybe even as they were being written, he's traced and re-traced her steps as best he can, but so far, all he's been able to find, the only image left from all that content, is Jack Paralnace sitting on a bench, writing after the film-screening, referred to later as Parlance at the Bench, and this wasn't the later-to-be-made theatrical recreation of the event either, with all its stasis and Beckett influences, this was Parlance, in reality, still sitting on that damn bench, pre-adaptation and everything, one could even call it original.

For all Arieol knew, maybe Variance didn't even exist.

And also, there's always that troubling thought that this was all Paralance's doing that can't help but tip-toe across Arieol's shape-shifting awareness.

Arieol twirls the idea around their tongue like a mint before shifting between watching Parlance's typing and watching what it is that he's typing, if there even is a difference between the two.

###Page 434###

And so here he is, Jack Parlance, back at the bench, still at the bench, post-cinema, still with that dumb ass digital typewriter of his-sap of a hipster that he is-tap-tap-tapping at the keys, and really going for it this time, actually getting some of the work done, by golly, it's true! He's actually capable of it! Not that anyone's going to read or play the game of any of it, mind you, but hey! Jack's doing something that the agency didn't originally assign him.

Now that's novel, eh?

But it seems from his twitchness, from the sweat that's started to collect, from the starch hunch of his shoulders that Parlance can sense alarm bells ringing, that he could even be wondering about whether or not eyes may or may not be peering at him from a distance, eyes like Arieol's, to watch his face aglow, staring down at that small digital screen of his, as he's typing away.

Someone has to be watching, after all, since it's being logged here, of course, though-this time anyway-since it isn't Variance anymore that's logging the data, did that mean that The Author could be-

###Page 435###

Alright, alright, alright, enough of that question.

There's already been enough possible answers to that question, so many it makes one question even further than the question itself, about whether or not the answers are even necessary any longer. One can just do a little switcharoo, become somebody else, or something else, can go rogue, become a spy, go undercover, or wear a disguise.

Like so much of the story so far, his story-Parlance's-during his current unfolding, it resembled (or resembles) what was once known in a different age as the internet, not that Gibsey World doesn't have an internet, of course, it just goes by a different name, the Agency of Data and Detection.

Or is that even a metaphor?

Every age has its networks, of course, networks of invasion or otherwise.

The resemblances were rooted in the fact that both Parlance's typing and so much of the content of the internet both often either came with, or contained, an anonymity of sorts, a false anonymity, and in both cases, an anonymity which automatically changed one's behavior, which is probably why Jack Parlance craves a new and more authentic anonymity for himself, at least if he even is, in fact, craving it for himself, and such ideas aren't just the projections of an Author who has yet to be fully named or identified.

###Page 436###

In such a state of things, as is often asked, was any anonymity even possible any longer?

Of course it isn't.

Parlance is being described before our very eyes, and surely you'll be next.

Or if anonymity is to be achieved, maybe it has to be created, projected, written into existence, which Jack Parlance realizes, or has realized, or will eventually realize at a later date, reasons among many as to why he's clattering away at it all like he is in total anonymity without a soul in sight to read even a single scrap.

Not that he knows of, at least.

Parlance at the Bench.

He imagines himself in different scenes, scenarios, episodes.

Jack Parlance does, with Arieol watching.

The first is a birthday party.

Paper hat, confetti, whistles being blown.

The whole thing's fashioned around, stylized around, a homage to the Pee Ter Pantanomicon ride, you know the one with the excessively long wait times- and finally, we're getting to something from the parks, I knew it would eventually happen!-the one where the riders glide in that flying ship over a series of images like an alien abduction.

###Page 437###

And he's viewing the party from a distance, floating above it, seated in his ride vehicle. He's always felt a bit socially removed, and he's realizing, this birthday party isn't even his. These are images of another party, the ship cranking upward into darkness, twisting right, heading down toward another lit scene. He hears voices say a name. Was it Jacklyn? Was that the name? That's the name he hears at least. Where had he heard that name before? Weird, the plan was to think of images of himself, so what was this new image? Unless this was a party he'd been to as a child, and he'd somehow forgotten?

We aren't known for remembering our childhoods in their totality after all, and oh!

He'll come back to it.

He'll definitely come back to it.

He shifts to a different childhood image, his own childhood image, one of many, back in the backyard of his childhood, sitting atop a maroon balsa wood play fort, well, playing.

At such an age he'd dreamt of becoming a director, and the name he'd come up with for such a pretend avatar was Marvin Scrillio.

###Page 438###

Now, to be clear dear reader, depending on your POV, context, or reference point, you may or may not have heard this name before within our story, which means, although you may have heard the name Marvin Scrillio before, Jack Parlance hasn't, which would imply that he has (or had) a gift which he is or wasn't aware of, one that was built atop his own ignorance, a gift many of us, or maybe even all of us, may have, at least if one is willing to confront one's own natural abilities, this gift being the gift of precognition.

Or maybe it was instead that Jack had willed Scrillio into existence?

Which would be something else entirely.

And after all, when it comes to cause and effect, who's to say?

Maybe both were the same thing, simply split in two, like a cell seperating?

A process or regeneration.

Replication.

Cloning.

An invasion.

Either way, to make a distinction, Jack's version of Marvin Scrillio was not (or is not) the real Marvin Scrillio that can be found elsewhere. Their resemblance resembles nothing but a coincidence, a happenstance, an accident, unless it wasn't a coincidence, as such, and it very well might not be.

Either way, he remembers that fort very well.

###Page 439###

The maroon paint peeling, frayed at edge's warmth, peeling like a tongue, the green slide, hot, radiating with summer, other times, holding within itself a crystallization, made of some alkaloid that seemed compact and full of more molecules than the average material, whatever that means (or meant).

What age does going down a slide stop being fun? When's the exact moment? Or is Jack Parlance just some limp-dicked nihilist fingering his childhood's end? Eeek! He doesn't like that image. Is it something about this machine he's typing on that's bringing it out of him? Without it, would he never have even had the thought?

Maybe slides stop being fun when you realize how things can mean more than one thing at once?

Oh, how trite, you stupid, stupid asshole.

Well, no, try it.

Even trash cans can have a memorable odor.

Speaking of, oh Gibsey, whenever he'd have to take it out every week, back in his childhood, back when he had to carry it around to the yard and not just outside his apartment like he did now. How disgusting it had been, times when it'd be all watery and sickening.

Yuck!

###Page 440###

You could smell it from afar, could already sense from the smell that it was going to be all liquidy, could feel it dripping before you even gripped the plastic and heaved it out of the can, just for the bottom to give out.

Forget it.

You could just say you did it and wait for Mom or Dad to notice you didn't do it, and yes, it's possible that they'd be furious about it, but also, they could understand what had happened and pity you, could be communicated to, could use it as a chance to teach a lesson.

Goddamn everything is thematic between parents and children, isn't it?

But parents don't learn shit, do they?

Whatever happened to all the lessons they learned?

Are they just locked away like all that's thrust backward into the Gibsey Vault?

Is it that you stop learning?

Does that happen too?

Is that one of the symptoms that comes with the same lack of feeling that also occurs regarding losing the joy of thrusting oneself down a small plastic enclosure towards the earth?

###Page 441###

But then there's also roller coasters-which by the way, we haven't even gotten to a single one yet, Cosmos Monument, be damned-but, ah hell, who's gonna read this anyway? Who could even remotely take the time out of time to sit through this putrid ass dark ride, to have their skin scorched while sliding down the clearly-gonna-burn-your-ass-off reflective metal down into the gravel below.

It's the trash can all over again, or maybe it's the slide all over again, another slide, here to extend whatever disappointment's here to perch upon his shoulder.

Nah, whatever curse is seen as a curse can always instead be seen as a blessing in drag, he's known about that for ages, even knew about it back when slides were fun. It was why you tried the metal ones occasionally even with the sun stared down at you, blistering, bulbous, taunting you, dumb ass that you are. We all know it's gonna be hot, so hot it could even burn our wings clean off, and yet we slide down it anyway, so there's gotta be something that we get out of it? It can't all be heat and death, can it? Some sort of lesson?

But he doesn't want lessons, he wants to be grown up, damn it, when no more lessons are needed!

No he doesn't.

What grown up person, with any sort of self respect sits in a public place, with a digital typewriter on their lap, flapping down on the keys about a theme park that never ended (or never ends)?

Whoever did or does that is, well, if they're anything, they ain't no adult.

###Page 442###

But fuck adulthood, anyway, whoever really wanted it?

Wasn't that the ultimate Gibseyan theme?

The rejection of adulthood?

It's pretty clear whatever that desire was, or is, is (or was) theater, as well, and boy is that list getting long by now, stretching out like the receipt tape of all time, like a roll of toilet paper that the cat's gotten its teeth into to wander the apartment with that wiley look in its eye.

And it was at this moment of observational possibility (if that is indeed what it was) that Arieol notices a small piece of flesh growing atop Jack Parlance's flesh, a growth.

Or that's how Arieol would describe it, or is describing it.

And where in Gibsey did that image come from?

Did it just accumulate?

Arieol didn't think much of it at first.

Arieol just continued their observations, trying to ignore it.

Wouldn't you?

No, Arieol wouldn't continue, actually, and they don't.

They stop.

Or they at least stop to make a note.

Some sort of genre trip to come, body horror, maybe?

Just a guess at the possible coming attractions, an attempt at precognition.

###Page 443###

They shift again, shape-shifter that they are, back to themself, to their own thoughts.

Maybe it isn't Parlance?

To remind you, before settling on Parlance, Arieol's been searching for Variance, Jacklyn Variance, and unable to find them, he's temporarily wondered if Parlance has created the whole plot as some sort of cover, meaning that he's maybe even been the one to write Jacklyn Variance's Analysis Documents, and though it's still possible, they've shifted to another possibility, another possible identity of The Author, Arieol themself.

We lie to ourselves, don't we?

They'd just written their mentor and CEO of Malt Gibsey World, Oren Progresso, a letter about such an idea, though of course they'd never sent it and Progresso would likely never even take the time to read it if they did (after all what CEO actually reads?), but the letter they would send, scratching itself across the next few pages, it maybe held (or holds) the answer.

###Page 444###

And this was how the letter began.

Ladies and Gentleman, Boys and Girls, Animals, Beasts, Birds of the Air, Fish of the Tempestuous Sea, Vibrations Within the Many Minds of the Multiplicitous Truly Fictional Gibseys, All You Diseased Collections of Surfacing Facial Features and Signs, Here to Show Yourself and Be Recognized, Welcome!

Welcome to the letter that Arioel Owlist, who will here be referred to as The Author, has written (or is writing, or will write, depending on your POV) for their mentor, employer, and audience, Oren Progresso, on some unspecified date.

We begin this letter with the idea of personal pain, what Joseph Campbell referred to as a hero's trial, what the Buddhists referred to as suffering, what the psychologically minded call trauma, or what the magically inclined call a curse, and more specifically, we begin this letter with the pain Arieol has been experiencing as of late, causing them to take a sick day from their work of transcribing data for Oren Progresso's recent auto-biographical screenplay, sick days being a sacred and productive time for Aeriol, as has already been said or shown (if not both, most hopefully), sick bastard that they are, and they, as The Author, would like to mention that referring to such pain is not meant to engender pity or remorse from any future audience-however individualized or, like Jackaroo's hands, small it, or they, may be-and is instead simply meant to provide some context for why the text currently winding itself across the page has taken the form it's taken, though admittedly, maybe such filler is asinine?

Shouldn't the slime, the ground man, this ruinous clay, shouldn't it be given the chance to rise up, all on its own?

###Page 445###

And here we are, yet again, at a recent theme that's presented itself within the work of The Author's pen many times through this ruinous chronicle, that of self-determination.

However much Arieol may appreciate one or two of his student's critical takes on Joseph Campbell's ideas (do remember Arioel is a shape-shifter, after all) while watching the first episode of The Power of Myth throughout class yesterday, The Author has to admit that the content of the ideas are actually pretty good, Campbell's form be damned (The Author was never a fan of systemization, and ironically, neither was Campbell, or at least so he claimed). The specific piece of content, if it is (or was) in fact content, being referred to here is the idea of self-determination within the Journey of the Hero, but wait! Isn't the idea of self-determination simply one twin within the binary code of Campbell's mythologizing? There's an identical twin also mentioned within the documentary's content: the idea of the self-sacrificial nature of the Hero.

How unexpectedly ironic, eh?

And so we come to another major (but for now, unspecified) idea which The Author has also recently been reflecting upon lately, especially with regard to their recent experiences while visiting their mentor. [Insert the specific idea or experience being referred to here, or better yet, let the audience themselves, ironically likely to be The Author's mentor, decide for themselves what specific idea may be referred to here, and how's that for self-determination, huh? Make this mentor of theirs do the work! How's that for pulling oneself from the slime of the primal ooze to ground oneself upon the earth as a damon, ruinously clay-like, to shake one's fists at the heavens?].

###Page 446###

And with great apologies dear reader, ladies and gentlegerms, etc. all, we shall now interrupt this letter's programming to insert innate passages from The Author's notebook, dated the day before this unspecified date in question, hard-d-d-d, har, har, har, and we will begin, specifically, where they'd written: "This reminds me of a Buddhist Koan that's been referred to by a different mentor (one among many, both fortunately and unfortunately). A student asks their master about whether or not dogs, in fact, have a Buddha nature (the terms "student" and "master" here, being less preferable terms than "mentor" and "mentee," because at least mentor and mentee, together, refer to some sort of shared nature between the two positions which can then allow some sort of fractal form of repetitive growth to eventually form,. After all, even if such a growth's nature becomes similar to the ancient mound of a hunchback's back, it's a growth nonetheless), and the master's response to this query is Muu, a response that's been interpreted-like a pairing of twins, or a Mentor/Mentee relationship, or like a light switch-in two different ways, as both a Yes and a No, as both a confirmation and a denial, as both everything and nothing, as they're commonly referred to.

But wait!

[Insert a reference here to the previously scheduled programming of the letter, what was referred to earlier as "personal pain," "trials", and/or "suffering," and do this before returning to earlier sections in The Author's notebook from the day before this unspecified date].

Trying to consider how much of a physical rather than psychological pain I [Arieol] am currently experiencing.

###Page 447###

This is, yet again, another inside/outside distinction.

Both may be modalities designed to blame something (or someone) for troubling ailments, but the more and more that I think of it, there's nothing and no one to blame. So what is it that I'm wanting to convey here?

Is it an apology? A clarification? A lamentation? A regret? A revelation?

One can only hope for it be a revelation, and I suppose that if it was a revelation [insert reference to the Muu Koan here, or more specifically, how this Koan is itself a revelation, one that connects to this past-or future, depending on your POV-revelation], this revelation would be two-fold, and neither of them would be accurate since both of them would assume an amount of control within the narrative of one's own story, my own story.

The Literature, as does The Author, suggests that one plays a role in one's story, but in terms of control, that's about it. Both sides of this revelation, The Revelation, involve a response to my recent experiences (referred to earlier, har-d-d-d-har har har), the ones I had while visiting my mentor, or about visiting my mentor.

The thing is, I've spent so much time wrestling with whether or not I am, in fact, The Author of my own experiences, all without realizing that I, alone, could only ever be the singular author of them.

###Page 448###

Increasingly often lately, I've been wrestling with the feeling that my recent work, the work done with my mentor, with Progresso, was a failure, and a failure on my part, that I'd let them down, as well as the other smaller mentors I'd met alongside them, while also, simultaneously, feeling the exact opposite way, that I'd been taken advantage of, that I came into that space capable, but that I'd somehow had my opportunity to prove myself thwarted, feeling that an unexpected disappearance had occurred, not of my own creation, control, or doing.

However, I've realized now, after many weeks of personal suffering and bitter trial, that neither of these options are fully accurate or correct.

As options they, like the artificial light produced by the conductive and binary circuitry of a light switch, are not the heat of the sun.

They are artificial and unnatural, however real the effect of their light may seem to be, physically or psychologically.

Or to put this another way, I've returned with both extremes reinforced, the importance of assimilating within the environments I find myself inhabiting, as well as the importance (or impotence) of resisting them.

I do not (and cannot) exempt myself from the consequences of either.

Both can lead to either creation or destruction, if a difference between the two does, in fact, exist.

The quality of will and determination which I see so often in others is often difficult to face and confront when I see it so often missing within myself, but such a confrontation is a liminal space, a middle area, or no man's land, between ruin and success, and it is entirely up to me whether I say Yes or No in response to it-

###Page 449###

And so (to return to the regularly scheduled programming of this letter, in medias res): Which does one choose, the self-sacrificial or self-determined path?

Is either even within one's control to decide, or is the nature of one's hotel-stay purely up to management?

And are they even in conflict?

The Author, to remind you, Arieol Owlist-it's been a while since they were mentioned, after all-sits at their desk, typing a letter to their mentor, or whichever other agent ends up finding it, envisioning and revisioning text about their suffering, not to gain pity or recognition, pity and recognition being out of their control, but to chronicle their experience. As if by lightning strike, or by sudden seizure a la automatic writing, or as if forced to write at gunpoint, sweat dripping down their arched and arching back, they're reminded of a recent episode of Todd Fishbone's podcast, The Death Farm, regarding the history of Jazz.

Its content somehow relates, but they aren't exactly sure how just yet.

###Page 450###

Fishbone starts their diatribe covering Jazz's early connections to blues and early Gibseyan gospel music, as well as a few percolations of European influences that came and went, eventually settling in New Orleans, pre-Gibsey World, of course, coming out of the tradition of marching bands, a generic musical form where everyone, most of the time anyway, already knew the songs that were being played, had them branded into their blood at birth, so that even if one didn't play what was expected, they involved an orientation, an entrance way, a threshold of past experience with which to pass through, as if in trance, and the normal arrangement in most Jazz songs were made up of what's referred to as the "head" and the "solo" (interesting language there, no?), the head referring to the generic jazz melodies often used and found in Fake Books, books that most Jazz musicians would take with them to gigs that contain the heads of songs, their melodies, 12/16/24 bars long of around 500 or so different songs, and there's enough strucutral similarities between each that once you learn a few, typically 6 or more at an absolute minimum, at least if you want it the easy way, that you're ready to play and perform, and so to continue, the solo refers to the type of playing where you keep the chord changes and rhythm and structure of the head but one band member goes out into a noman's land, into a liminal space, making up a new melody on the spot, and wait, an easier way to put this-how the head and solo work-is that you have a main, recognizable melody, and then a soloist then responds to this, reacts to this, almost like a version of deja vu, or pre-cognition, if not exactly like it-oh, weird, huh, deja vu-playing mostly the same thing as the original melody but with little flourishes and embellishments of their own, flourishes which make their solo distinct, or at least this is how it's done in early Jazz, and the arrangements get more and more sophisticated over time, but the essential structure remains the same, a blending of the old and the new, muu as it could be referred to, on and off, yes and no, being co-opted and progressing, and both at the same time, both continually, Fishbone then moving to the arc (or arch?) of Charlie Parker, who while stuck playing sets of sachrine flaccid show-tune almost jazz-pop dance songs early in their career (like nearly all early careers), eventually realizes in his private time-when else-within the darkness of his own suffering, how Jazz is a loop that repeats itself over and over again, so you can play any notes you want, and can even get between conscenent notes through inserting disconscnent ones between them, that you can take any set of chord changes and play in the balance of both the right key and the wrong key, as well as within long transitions between the keys, which is what leads to Bebop, completing that classic move that all Jazz players make-or which all good jazz players make-which is an endless beginning which one dances around and continually refers to (in medias res), continuing in time, be it clock-time or musical-time, within the time of repeated cycles, all with the goal of seeing how far out you can take it, and also how far out you can even go from there, while still being able to find your way back home, back to the entranceway, building something no one in the world would ever even think to build while still managing to meet up at the rondevue point, giving an audeince an oppoturnity to see flesh being constructed in real time, atop real bones, in medias res, flesh which they themselves never could have imagined, and all of it resting atop a logical and rigorous structure, Fishbone then continuing to Thelonius Monk's use of Bebop, where Monk often took a song form that seemed standard, at least which seemed to be standard at first, but then in the middle of it, he would flop in this gigantic bizzaro chord that completely decontextualized the rest of the piece of music, and the thing was, Monk was a minimalist, so when he did break from his minmialism, he broke from it in the most unexpected of ways, this being due to the consistency of his minimalism.

###Page 451###

Fishbone then continues to John Coltrane, that expert of divination, that Kabbalist of Jazz, with his own origins beginning, like Parker-where else-within a place of boredom, as it often does, playing saccharine ballads, getting bored, and then deciding to create new musical systems where he contemplates what music he's going to play over other music, so you might start with a common, boring chord change-in writing what's referred to as the diary entry, or the letter, or the autobiographical sketch, suffering and pain being expressed in the way that all suffering is, through cliche, through looping repetition, through cycles-and then Coltrane finds a way to insert tons of seemingly unrelated chords into that space, playing over them rather than what everyone else is playing, and it's dissonant, yes, but again, there's that same self-evident logic and rigor, the slime erupting from the murk, as it's called, which one can't help but recognize ("Ah, Mudman! You've come! Hadn't seen you around these here parts in a while!"), which then crafts a very complex set of possibilities, a stochastic set of brakes and eruptions into what is (or was) an otherwise very predictable collection of music.

And ah-to pause in their writing-here comes that voice to bubble up into Arieol's skull again.

What did this all have to do with anything?

What was the point of even bringing it up?

Why even write, type away, day after day in endless toil for a mentor, let alone an audience, much too self-involved to be interested in peeking over at anything Arieol would have to say because they're too busy being the one who needed to be listened to themselves?

###Page 452###

Well, you better get used to it, says a voice.

You think that's going away anytime soon?

If so, you're lyin' to yourself then, Buckaroo.

Well, Arieol thinks/types (what really is the difference, anyway, when you work at it like Arieol does, more twins among so many), even if I'm lying to myself, who isn't?

They aren't.

They aren't?

Arieol, changing not just their shape but their mindset (or if not their mindset, their thoughts or thought process) to notice the muzak, the background, loud enough now that they can't hear the sound of the keyboard any longer, symbolic, eh?

Everything has to be commented upon, dried into pastries of cement, lined into reems of churning data, the size of which, alone, would make the most whorish of souls' cheek's capillaried red.

But they've heard little comments too, dark, hidden kernels of suggestion like dead hair follicles scattering in the air, floating against fragments of light, phrases like "I'm not the kind of person who just says something; I think before I speak," and did this mean that they didn't think before they spoke? Was that the suggestion? Where was the record of this process of thought, this claim? What evidence had been brought forth to attend to its burial?

###Page 453###

Yes, the plot of this whole thing is getting a bit flimsy to say the least, but who needs plot?

They're outside Gibsey, aren't they? Amongst it, standing beside it, watching it, and it had plenty of plots for any audience to pick from if one should need a plot (and really, who truly needed one?).

And what was a plot exactly, anyway?

A scheme?

A conspiracy?

They supposed it could also be a plot of land, a landscape, and speaking of, it's been a while since they returned to the landscape, returned to the earth, since they simulated their own death and achieved second sight, so they might as well try again, once more, now.

Now.

It starts with concrete, spangled specks of gravel and rock, fine toothed as a comb of mud, a sculpted doll of the land, ground-man grounded by earth, to stand atop it or beside it, astride it, chiseled into pattern, a plot of land, single-minded, singular, if there was such a difference between the two, this difference itself, hopefully, serving as a sign of a singularity, a multiplicitous singularity, if such a thing was even possible, and look at that word-possibility-great jumpin' Gibsey, that might even mean hope! In this day and age, that sounds positively romantic, even Gibseyan, maybe even more saccharine than Gibsey himself (or itself).

###Page 454###

This would mean such a state of being, such an emotion or quality, such a state of terminating denouement may actually be-and here it is again folks-possible!

If you've been listening, then you've probably noticed a shift.

They've shifted to write about their various mentorships, the list of them all being too long to count, let alone name, because all a mentorship entailed (or entails) was (or is) a mentor/mentee relationship, and all that this entailed was a positioning of one's self lower than another, which they were always doing, had learned to always do, this being due to their training, their trauma (if there was a difference between the two), this being due to the technique of forced, sustained, and self-consciously willed and re-willed humility, one of their various weapons, their ruinous weapons, a humility that one of their mentors had commented on, had called "charming," while also lightly chastising them about this repeated pattern, suggesting how it could hold them back as an artist or individual, as mentors are known to do from their position above, supposedly inside the landscape rather than outside it, but this had also puzzled them, had reeked with the olfactory disgust of the paradoxical, of nonsense and incongruity, because didn't the fact that they were being asked to be less humble, itself, suggest a humility that they were then being forced to confront, as if they were being asked to humble themselves before their own humility, and to do so in order to gain a confidence, and if so, how could this even be possible let alone make any sense whatsoever?

###Page 455###

But then also, there was the other side of the irony, the painting's back-side, ass-end, backward, backyard, that to question this offering of advice, this query to listen, one among many, itself, also suggested an ability to throw off the humility which their mentor had commented upon, but again, how confusing, how utterly confounding when contemplated, because this would also suggest that somehow they'd reached some other side, maybe even something beyond the paradoxical, if such a landscape can even be entered into, either alone or with another, one beyond mentor and mentee, beyond grueling terror and fate, maybe even beyond speech and phrasing, beyond the eclipse of the data, to swing, hammoch-like-that symbol of vacationing bliss, one among many, that symbol of wanton grace, to swing, as if by vacuum, as if by column of air, to ask another to listen, to seize into the twinning depths, only to find the other had been listening the whole time, couldn't help but listen, a reminder that even when listened to, one can also choose to listen to one's self, and even misunderstand one's self, or another, and so even then, that most of these "listenings" would never be, could never be, fully communicated, and that really, it made no differenece whether one thrust oneself into the dazed comfort of the hammock, or whether one paced, shoulders-hunched, teeth-chattering down the vulumous pits of paranoia, there really never was, never could be, a difference, or that they were always different, which was the irony that they all shared, similarly, an irony which deepend their chances for variance, which they could never fully communicate, let alone locate, even with all the time in the world.

###Page 456###

And who said they had to?

Probably some long, forgotten mentor was who.

Maybe it's better they forget, if they ever even do.

They are.

They are?

A figure sits at a table.

A table with cards face down upon it, still as oil, flat as knife edges.

They don't have a face.

The figure seated at the table doesn't have a face, or hasn't yet been given one.

But this surface, the surface, their face, isn't entirely blank.

It's emptied out, hollow, waxen.

There's a hint of lingering residue, like a phantom limb, a phantom face.

One can sense that something once hung upon its surface like laundry on a clothesline, or like that same laundry, now dry, hanging in organized stacks, arranged both by color and shape, by a conscientious eye, neatly within a closet's arc.

This may be a game they're playing, but this is difficult to determine, because the cards they're placing on the table, one by one, until they reach eleven, are each placed face down, meaning that their surface, the underside of their images, has been withheld.

###Page 457###

An inference, or interference, can be made, however, that these eleven cards are Tarot cards. The size and number of these cards corresponding with the size and number of an average set, as well as to the Celtic Cross form of Tarot reading, and if this is true, the images below the cards' huddled surfaces, bent, crouched, hunched over over like a waterboarding victim, their images then wouldn't be random or arbitrary, and would instead be quite limited, limited to 78 possibilities, in fact, at least if the underside of these cards are Tarot cards, which is impossible to determine until they're turned over to face ceiling or sky.

For all we know, their surfaces are entirely blank, and will remain that way.

But there is a pattern, and a pattern does suggest meaning, that further possible inferences can be made, if the possibility of those inferences are even worth being made, which is up to the viewer to decide.

And so what does the viewer decide?

The viewer decides to stare into this face, and upon staring, a face swims up into view, almost as if it was there all along.

And it is the face of Arieol.

They return.

And the question, the querent, The Author begins by asking the essential question: Will Arieol Owlist achieve agency?

###Page 458###

And it makes sense, doesn't it? Clicks into place like two puzzle pieces fucking, with their shapes ever a-shift, adrifting, drifting, shifting.

Shift from close-up to medium shot of the table, from behind the character, who we can still assume is Arieol through the concept of matching shot, through montague, through the way one image follows another, forming a pattern, like how rope can be used to tie hands together and bind one in place, though the double-voiced, double-consciousness of this set of images, dare one say split-consciousness of these images, through the opening up of a dialogue between the two, and you see, this is what they missed, old friend, what they failed to see in the images: we're just talking about two shots here, A to B, and so none of this even begins to move beyond 2 shots, let alone to C, D, or E, or even any other letter combinations, which themselves could become word combinations, or nonsense combinations, for the lazy and uninspired. Oh, and you know what the mothers of this drab earth are known to say whenever you're bemoaning with despondency, "It's only the boring who are ever really really bored, dear," and ya know what? So what! I am bored, but it isn't such a weary state that it can't lead to some sort of transformation, but before we get too ahead of ourselves, we had some shots back there that were in the midst of their unfolding, and to film is to hunt, and so we must return, quiet, early in the morning as the deer approach, nestled in that smooth spot of our territory, back to the shift, from behind the character, who we've presumed to be Arieol, who is facing this set of cards.

###Page 459###

Close up on the first card, The Present, as it's turned over, and it (at least partially) is just as predicted-we've got Tarot cards on our hands!-specifically The Fool card, and of all the cards to start with, what were the odds that the first card would be this card, The Fool? Well, from one angle, or shot, you could say 1/78, but where would that leave the mystery to escape off to?

The Fool.

The Fool?

Arieol's interested, at this query's beginning, about whether or not this card is meant to be read as is or reversed.

Usually Arieol's one of those readers who doesn't do reversed readings, or at least doesn't think a distinction needs to be made between the two. Their idea on the matter is that there's no need to make the distinction because the distinction can be made, and is always made, within and through the reading itself.

After all, why limit oneself to only two ways of reading?

What a horribly banal and limiting use of language THAT would be!

Oh, mother, lay off! I'm over here trying to work! I don't have time for the machinations of paralyzing analysis today, I must push forward and read, foolishly or not, and ah ha!

The Fool!

The Present.

###Page 460###

It is quite a foolish present, after all, who could even possibly argue with such a reading.

The Fool card.

And with that, Arieol's mind begins to foolishly wander to the stretching hillsides of rural ever-expanding outward horizontal farmland typically found in the areas of the park within or nearby the Pinewood Lodge Resort areas, these being about as far away from the homogenized ever-vertically expanding theme-park-city locals where he'd grown up, and since Arieol's often sorting through periods of turmoil, these imagined landscapes of his often become landscapes of their own, places which he can nearly enter and exit at will.

Surely there's much to be said for experiencing and responding to turmoil, to trauma, to a curse, is there not?

And ah, here we are, the great rolling hills, isosceles curves of grass of that natural green, leading down to a circle of stones, the heat of the sun here to contrast against the chill of the spring still clinging to winter, boundary layer of trees formed into right angles, and pines dotting the top layers of the hills.

This landscape is not entirely unlike a theme park landscape because it's been separated into various areas, a sculpture garden here to replace Dream Land, a driveway to replace the park entrance way, the stable, reliable house with its kitchen and living areas to replace Main Square USA and Freedom Plaza areas, the Art Studio, with those paintings the size of the cloudless skies here to replace Nostalgia for the Future World, and the other house, the place where his mentor sleeps, here to replace Boundary Land, as well, and the gardens which surround them, here to replace Venture Vista.

But are these landscapes merely projections, projects, or is something more sinister going on here, by way of Cuckoo-bird?

Only time will tell.

###Page 461###

And would you look at that, here comes a character walking up to Arieol as he's typing (not unlike Jack Parlance was earlier, or still is, or will be), typing itself being nothing but a form of imagining done atop the surface of an instrument.

They're no longer even themselves.

You see, this is what happens when you let your imagination run wild folks.

They should've known.

The name comes to them, like most things do, through wave forms, vibrations of the spirit, Progresso, Oren Progresso.

It's Arieol Owlist, so who else could the character be?

Not as surprising as expected.

They're later (or previously, it's sort of a galaxy far, far away type situation) seated on separate couches facing one another back in the Main Square USA area of the park, wouldn't you know, this time a bit colder, much closer together, chance of snow in the night, fire before them, the preparation of tea, a ceremonial presentation and acceptance of various vulnerabilities. This was early in their relationship, honeymoon phase as it's called, no time for resentment to accumulate, though of course, as always, the time would come.

###Page 462###

They're engaged in a series of communications, and I know, I know, that's a ridiculously generalized way of putting it, but they were so close then, and it was too early to get any more specific. To even get any more specific would betray a certain kind of secrecy, a secrecy often necessary when mentors are around, let alone mentors who are CEOs of their own created worlds, or was it worlds created for them, before them? The jury's still out on that one. Analysts are still out there on the hunt, adjusting levels, recording the sound and frequencies of various spaces, logging data, with their ears to the ground, and so nothing can be said for sure, either way of course, but Gibstory or time or simply just common damn sense, does suggest that CEOs don't just fall out of the sky.

How could they?

Certain connections are made, maintained, and controlled, like any system, however intimate their connections may be.

Not that Progresso is here to maintain intimacies.

No siree.

What CEO would be?

He's here to maintain, to enforce, that others are intimate with him, not something anyone of any real intimacy would ever really attempt, at least not for extensive periods of time.

###Page 463###

All this mentioning of sky and there isn't even a cloud in it today, nothing but royal, royal blue, how regal and CEO-like, anything that can keep these characters from having to interact cause Arieol doesn't want to interact, wants to reclaim something for themself, gibeydamnit, on this farm, this older-monied land, where they're only a visitor, but truth be damned if they're going to be able to avoid it.

Progresso, poker at the fire, has started with another of his many tirades he's sure to justify with the idea of how elders and/or mentors are to be respected, and were more often respected in the much older Gibseyan doctrines.

With Progresso, everything's always justified and interesting as long as it's older, archaic, and ancient, which doesn't bother Arieol in and of itself, but it does strike them with annoyance (as really does just about anything within such a dynamic of inequity, wouldn't it?) because it reeks of absolutism. Shape-shifter that they are, nothing is inherently any way for Arieol. Well, there's plenty of inheritance around here-look who's poking at the fire-but they knew better than just about anybody that all this inheritance did was stifle and strangle the life out of all that came into its path-

But I worked for it!

They can almost hear Progresso retaliate.

Did you though?

There are plenty of signs otherwise, plenty of suggestions that Progresso's repeated attempts to seem like a work-aholic suggested something else, even if this "something else" is the same thing Arieol also wonders if he's stuck with as underling, a curse, an inability to live within one's own skin, a lack of identity (or a finalizing acceptance of one), a mask that's rooted itself to one's face for good.

###Page 464###

Ah, but one last thought before the next colonial scene invades: wasn't this what they'd always wanted? Maybe not what Progresso wanted, but what Aeriol wanted, to lose himself?

And again, we're back at the same mode, place, or landscape.

Arioel and Progresso wanting what they can't have-Arioel to lose himself and Progresso to gain himself, or vice-a-versa, and speaking of-

"Danger was a big factor for me, at least early on," Progresso interrupts, per usual, "the idea of risk. It's essential within any practice really, painting, writing, dance, theater, cinema, all of it. If you can't take risks, it can't happen. And so there was a time, in my pre-CEO days, we'd gone out to the Pinewood desert-"

No. No. NO.

This was not going to happen.

Arieol wasn't going to let it happen, not again.

Progresso was always interrupting, ruining their chance at agency.

They hadn't even gotten to the 2nd Tarot card, nor had they even finished considering the implications of the 1st one, and oh, wait!

Their first objective, as well!

To locate Jacklyn Variance!

###Page 465###

When you're a shapeshifter, it's not always the easiest thing to stay focused and on task, now, is it? And now, they're with Progresso, which is funny, Arieol didn't even work for ADD any longer! (Well, that's not entirely accurate; as the saying goes, once an ADD agent, always an ADD agent, and look at them here, still logging data. Come to think of it, even that had the ring of the general within the specific, or vice versa, didn't it? And wait, what CEO doesn't have some sort of connection to ADD?), ah to shape-shift again.

This is where the mind goes, ladies and gentleman.

It can't be stopped.

Let alone helped.

It's gonna be a late night tonight, another long shift staring at slack-jawed customers swarminging in and out of the concession booths and park attractions like flies on shit, a form of rag-wearing, but Arieol can deal, always has, always does, always will, knows they'll eventually hit that sweet spot where they'll just be clicking away at their tasks, serving customer after customer, cranking-the-shit-on-out, much like Gibsey itself is always doing, meaning not the man but the company, the corporate-entity-interesting how such a collective parasite formed out of the mind of a singular individual, really shows you the power of the imagination, human or not, or at least it claims to have formed out of the mind of a singular individual, jury's still out on that one, one vs. many, et all-eventually doing it enough times, so many times in fact that nightmare and hallucination level symptoms have started creaking their scruffy little necks around midnight's rumored edges.

###Page 466###

For example, Arieol's had to force themselves to stop looking down at the keys while typing. It's started to seem like-and there's no other way to put this folks--this trusty old keyboard of theirs is, well, breathing, that they've carved enough repetitive roadways within the neurological highway of this light-polluted mind of theirs to move outside of themselves, from within themselves, to watch their self from a distance, which is almost like cloning oneself, or one's self, come to think of it, or the technology didn't even have to be that developed even, the whole thing could even just be viewed as an extension (eek, that sounds a little too phallic, doesn't it?), or as projection, as self-projection, like throwing a spear or discus, but this time, unlike most techno-or-teleo-logical achievements more commonly known to thrust themselves across Gibstory's sweating brow, this time, it wasn't an externalization, weirdly enough, and was instead an internalizing projection that moved outward, and as has already been mentioned, in such moments, they've learnt (or learn) to project their self within themselves, maybe even more simply put-isn't brevity essential, after all?-they've learnt (or continually re-learn) one of the most classic of all Gibseyan devices, self-referentiality, if that's even a tool, per se, maybe it's more of a tendency, a neurosis, a disease, but hey, one man's molded multi-day-old Sauerkraut is another man's-actually that's just plain old disgusting-the point here being that this is one of those times where despite the stress, pain, suffering, malaise, depression, anxiety, curse, trauma, whatever you want to call it, take your pick, despite this all pressing down on them like earth atop a coffin through that revolving door of customers-and yes, they are actually out of ketchup, they're so sorry, dreadfully, painfully, please-pity-me-rather-than-judging-me-for-my-embarrassing-and-lowly-position-level sorry-that despite this furious swarm, they'll have done it enough times to finally get a chance to think within their own skull for once-by golly!-and they've gotten here all on their own, and because of that, no one can take it away from them. How's that for freedom, you dumb, tired, competitively vapid, empty-headed, baby-need-a-bottle-and-a-changey-of-your-diepy-ass-mother-fuckers!

###Page 467###

Ahhhhhhhh.

Internal sigh of relief.

Before all this, Arieol used to have dreams, you know, if you can believe it, though they don't even remember what they were or are anymore, truth be told. Couldn't remember even if they tried. They were likely drowned out by either the stammering orders of these customers or Progresso's own voice (who it does sound like they've interrupted, which they do feel pretty good about; hopefully they can keep that up!). Damn, do they work Arieol hard, don't they? And this was why the thoughts within themselves, outside themselves were so essential: if it weren't for these, there'd be nothing left, no life to cling to, all there'd be is dirt and death below, not even a surface above with mourners to place their pretty little flowers down upon for those who will never even see the gifts they're being given, never even know they were there, but they're there, they're waiting, just above, come-on, come-on, you-can-do-it, stretch out that boney-little arm of yours through the splintering, splitting wooden scaffolding and reach through the dirt and mud and glass out from the surface to touch those vulnerable petals to your trembling fingertips.

And cling to them for as long as you can.

Ain't nothing wrong with it.

Nothing to be embarrassed by.

Hold them.

Hold them to yourself while you can.

And with enough time, you'll even get bored with the petals.

And the funny thing is, that's supposed to be the fun part.

Now this is really starting to get interesting!

And maybe it's not even phallic as much as it's-

###Page 468###

"Oren?"

Arieol interrupts their interrupting to interrupt their being interrupted.

"Can I use this story that you're telling me in something I'm thinking of working on?"

"Wait? You want to do what? The one about the desert?"

"Yes, I've started writing something of my own."

Something flashes in the eyes, in Oren's eyes.

Is it a hunger?

Cannibalism?

Was Arieol now to be eaten whole, alive, in medias res?

They picture this possibility so vividly it might as well have actually happened, picture Progresso snapping from the chair to throttle them to the ground, Oren's arm at Arieol's throat, pressing down, face going red, Oren licking his lips as he holds Arieol down.

Arieol twists in terror wunder their grasp, Oren's teeth, now radiant as light reflecting off a blade, are here to cut pieces from Arieol's face into bits like so many little pieces of vegetables scattered across so many cutting boards, and after all, isn't this the kind of thing the CEOs and all they represent are so often doing? Dismembering us, from both others, ourselves, and even themselves? Despite all the promises, there isn't even a commons anymore where anyone can socialize, let alone a place where someone could even go to just say "What's up" to their buddy. Everything had clattered away into a shuffling distance.

All we can hope for are spooky actions at a distance at this point.

It's getting so damn terrifying out there.

Surely, you have to have to have noticed it.

Almost cannibalistic even, and all without anonymity, at least except for the cannibals, of course.

###Page 469###

They always get to remain anonymous.

It's like Oren Progresso with his hands around your throat, trying to eat you alive as you struggle beneath him.

"Quitquitquit that! Quit squirming. Come on, come on! Please. Please! Just let me have a little bite."

"No, NO!"

Will Arieol Owlist achieve agency?

Arieol tries to struggle away, but Oren grabs at their hand, pulling it back, yanking Arieol's hand into his mouth with a quick gust of strength, snapping a fleshy tendon off into his jowls like a celery stick being slid into a wood-chipper.

In shock, Arieol whirls around, spinning out of Oren's grasp, screaming in pain.

Why had they loosened enough to allow Oren to even go this far?

It's like they knew deep down that this horrid CEO was bound to scarf down at least some part of them, so it was better a finger than their whole face, anything but the face, the mask, that was the surface which conveyed all of their various meanings, after all. It had to be protected, even concealed, forever concealed, hidden.

It goes without saying that blood starts spurting everywhere.

And there's no protecting it.

###Page 470###

Oren lunges forward, now for the face, and claws his fingernails down Arieol's chest, pushing himself up like a wolf tearing apart a carcass.

"Stop struggling!" Oren snarls.

Arieol dodges away, again, out of Oren's grip, dexterous as ever.

It's never about strength with Arieol. They're all agility, but Progresso has the blind, raging power of a brute, and he's angry. When a predator watches its prey escape, it erupts into the purity of fury that lacks no depth, knows nothing at all, whatsoever, but death itself. and nothing but death.

This is well past seeing the T-Rex in the rear-view-mirror-stage.

The beast is here, and it isn't mother-fucking play time.

It's not even about food anymore.

Mother fucker probably isn't even hungry.

This is well beyond even sport; it's beyond even the preservation of life itself. Death is the true and only driver of this particular exchange. It's clear as the pieces of glass being blown in that early shop near the Entrance Way-the light gleaming off Progresso's eyes-that he'd rather die than have this most precious of prey escape. Better they both die in ruinous struggle than make it out alive knowing he'd failed, or so the eyes tell, blazing with the hatred burning beneath those locked, stubborn sockets.

He roars.

The fucking brute roars.

Can you hear it?

###Page 471###

And so why does Arieol collapse and shape-shift into Caliban in that grave moment of such intensity and importance? To impotence?

It was maybe even a moment of initiation, a ritual.

It had to've been purposeful, surely, had to've contained some sort of intention?

It had to.

Arieol had to see it that way, upon looking back on what it all represented.

Had to find some level of trust.

It could have all even been directed as theater, terrifying, horrific, much-too-real even beyond hyper-real theater, all crafted by Oren for Arieol's own benefit, and after all, what event isn't initiation or ritual within such a brutish environment? All life becomes a test, within such a state of things, a series of judgments from which there are no appeals. All it takes is a repetition, endless repeti-

It wouldn't be accurate to say that Progresso scoops out Arieol eyeballs one by one like a spoon scraping ice cream from cheap, plastic cups.

Nope, that's not at all what happens.

Oren digs both of his thumbs deep down into the caverns of Arieol's eye sockets, grinding his teeth, leaning down hard to collapse both of them into mush like a hammer to drywall, like the snapping of twigs, like your thumb and pointer finger smooshed together to snap a juicy grape into a hollow tusk of ruptuous puss.

Arieol knows, after this, there's no going back.

They scream.

###Page 472###

Or maybe it's better to say, the screaming starts and lasts until Oren reaches their throat, and it's true, the special effects aren't entirely inaccurate, after all. When Oren rips Arieol's throat wide open, it does look an awful lot like like the gore of such Gibseyan classics as Alien, even if, within this specific situation, it's the inside cavities of their breathing apparatus which bring air and oxygen to his brain, rather than their chest and rib cage that's been torn open into smithereens, though Oren does get to the chest eventually, tearing it out in pieces, chunk by chunk, fragmentary as they always ever are.

Aren't we all increasingly fragmentary, day after day, just like Oren and Arieol?

Maybe that's enough.

Maybe the point's made.

Has already been made.

Maybe.

But it's never made enough times, is it?

Never can be made enough times.

They'd eat us all whole if they could.

Every last one of us.

And they already do and are, all the fucking time.

But this was all in Arieol's imagination, of course.

Never really happened.

Never!

And they knew that, of course, they knew that.

They tremble.

###Page 473###

But the scene is still unfolding.

Oren still hasn't even responded to Arieol's initial query about using the story Oren was telling about the desert.

In fact, Oren's likely still back there stammering in fury at even being interrupted at all, but as always, there's much more that will come out of this than could be dreamt of in either Oren or Arieol's ever-imaginative philosophies, and such attractions are typically the most popular attractions in the park, like everyone else, they'll have to wait in line, per usual, to see what happens next.

Of course it's been commonly spread around that people of Arieol's ilk were to be organizing to all start cannibalizing their mentors all at once, at some point they would anyway, all of them, together.

Or this was supposedly going to happen, at least.

And not that Arieol doesn't support and hope for such things to take shape, of course, he's hungry as anybody else who's fed scraps always is, but, good Gibsey were they going to need some luck with that most (un)holy of ambitious operations!

When one is forced to escape being eaten on such a regular basis, there isn't quite time to plan any kind of four-course-meals for oneself, now is there? One just tries to survive, has to survive, and keep surviving, and sometimes that's all anyone can do.

Arieol's body lies there cold, dead, scattered like dust across the four-winds, not even given enough dignity to be placed in a refrigerator, the bastards.

And where the hell had the violence of these images even come from?

They weren't real.

Arieol was just angry, really, really angry.

But they felt guilty about it, as well, all of a sudden.

The images

Picturing the images.

Why?

###Page 474###

Did Arieol really just feel that uncomfortable about all that had happened between them at this point?

Their dynamic?

The power?

The devices?

Or lack thereof.

Their lack thereof.

Arieol's lack thereof.

Surely they won't always feel like this?

They'll eventually return to the first time they visited Progresso, at a later time, when it isn't so painful to contemplate, to give more context to, has to be, had to be, of course.

The image had been extreme, sure, but-

But maybe their mind was just playing tricks on them, tricks planted by Oren himself, or those that were just like him.

And maybe these were the old tricks of the trade,, the very old-style devices, the classics, the hits, the way-more-than-one-hit wonders, the C-class rides, the you-can-get-into-heaven-if-you-just-bear-your-own-burdens type bull shitiries, the fear, the common enemy, terror, panic, predestination, order that must be maintained, naked, blatant, and baleful hatred and lust.

But was that all there ever was and had been?

###Page 475###

Surely this was all just Arieol's bitterness speaking, and taking over them.

What about desire?

True and meaningful desire?

Life and love, in all its radiant rarity.

In such an environment was there any at all left to be excavated, anywhere?

It had occurred at some point in their relationship, hadn't it?

Day-time-imagined-nightmares of being ripped to shreds through cannibalistic ritual murder suggested they were well past the honeymoon stage.

But they'd loved Oren, maybe even still did.

But they didn't have much of a choice.

This is what they were processing, and that was the shit of it.

But Arieol, being the shape-shifter that they are, and thinking they'd gotten pretty good at it, also can't help but wonder if there wasn't maybe some way back to the rendezvous point.

Wasn't there?

One can only hope for such a realization, but by Gibsey, they're not even on the third Tarot card yet!

What even was the 2nd?

Oh yeah!

They'd just prepped it but hadn't even turned it over yet.

The X of Swords.

Wait, the wait?

The fucking what?

How did they-THIS?!

###Page 476###

Yep, that's it. That's the one. That's what was selected, The X of Swords.

Would-ya-look-at-that. A man face down on the ground with ten knives protruding from his back.

What-the-ever-living-fuck?

Jumping Gibsey, you can't make this shit up, folks.

This is what your pal Arieol truly yanked out from the deck as if pulling a rabbit out of their own ass, ladies and gentle-germs, and right after writing/picturing that image.

If you don't even shove it up there yourself, is it even a magic trick? Or is it something else? Something with a much greater intensity of effect?

It certainly wasn't one they'd intended, and wasn't that what magic was supposed to be about, harnessing intention?

Did having the card here, without turning it over, have some sort of an effect they weren't aware of? Or was it the opposite? Was it the cannibalism they'd imagined which had produced this most violent of cards (or images)?

And additionally, was it their foolishness, already well summarized by that Fool card swinging in at the top of the game's 1st inning that had led them to such a fate?

But wasn't a fool, The Fool, something to be protected from harm, or which was protected from harm?

Or was that merely the non-reversed reading?

Maybe they should be considering negative possibilities, after all.

Wouldn't want positivity-bias to be all a-fuckin' it up.

###Page 477###

But wait, no, the second card wasn't fate, it's what's called The Obstacle, which meant it was maybe their own anger, their own lack of forgiveness, their bitterness, that was blinding them, getting in their way, what they should pinch out with their teeth and gulp on down even if they didn't enjoy it and wasn't used to the taste.

Pain itself was The Obstacle.

What else could the card even denote?

There was no curse but the curse itself.

But it didn't take long for Arieol to retreat from the full awareness of this idea-it never does for any of us-to send it back on down to the 1st observation, back to the scraggly old depths of the unconscious where it belongs, where it can whimper and pine for its lack of acceptance to please finally be healed, back with the wretched wastes of the rest of those ravenous thoughts of theirs.

Good Gibsey, they felt disturbed, and more and more everyday.

Wait, speaking of, hadn't they witnessed some fleshy monstrosity mending itself, winding itself atop Parlance's own skin earlier?

And Arieol had barely even noticed it, let alone Parlance!

All they'd done was write down a quick little note about it?

Malt Gibsey!

They needed to check back on the poor bastard!

And so they did, shape-shifter that they are.

Back at the bench, without any time seeming to pass at all.

Huh?

They forget-shape-shifting, wandering, fragmenting-it all does come with its own non-linear benefits, after all.

###Page 478###

The boil, the juicy, gelatinous flesh-on-flesh, part-open-wound, part cauterized abreaction had crystallized itself further, fossilizing into a bulbous, twitching mass behind Parlance's knuckle.

It bounced as Jack typed.

Arieol covers their mouth in shock, their eyes wide, teeth chattering-that sort of thing-not quite cartoonish, but near-cartoonish, like something out of that Gibseyan classic Who Censored Roger Mexico, somewhere between animation and reality, suspended animation, or suspended reality, take your pick.

The growth, the wart, the boil, whatever it was, they noticed, in horror, that it had formed a face.

It was grimacing.

They were sure of it.

You had to squint your eyes to even notice it was there.

It almost blended into the surface of itself if you weren't looking carefully enough, meaning the face, of course, not the wart itself, though it didn't seem that Parlance was aware that this growth had appeared on him at all with it bouncing around like that, with him typing away like mad, and it just sitting there, growing. Obviously it didn't have the same height or opacity, but it reminded Arieol of those inflated displays you see at Used Car Dealerships, what even were they called?

Inflatable-men?

Why the fuck were they called that?

And what the ever living fuck was Arieol getting themselves into?

This was what.

It opens its mouth.

It starts to speak.

"Oh, he-he-he-hello there Arieol. I can't believe it. Someone's finally here to hear the wonderful story which I have come here to tell."

It licks its lips.

It licks its fucking lips.

###Page 479###

And yes, it's true. Itt does remind them of that cannibalistic fantasy from earlier, but, no, no-NO!-wait! NO! That was not a fantasy! That was a nightmare! And only a nightmare! They're entirely sure of that, and so is this, this, this thing here that's speaking to them.

No, no, no, no, NO!

It can't be!

Most-magical-place-on-earth, my-ass!

This very much deserves a reversed reading!

This is what burn-out looks like ladies and gentlemen.

This is some Frankenstein-type-shit, John Henry-type-shit, Lamkin-type-shit, born of the depths and twittering to return to it, all fleshy and pruney like your fingers when you've lingered in the bath for too long, all lumped and knotted and twisted, tiny folds of skin folded atop themselves.

Please stop speaking.

Please.

I don't want to hear it again.

The boil makes these clicking, popping sounds when it talks, like a still born struggling to come to life.

It struggles to keep its eyes open, almost as if it's inebriated, like it's falling in and out of consciousness, like when the heroine's surging through to both finally provide and take away all of the best parts of yourself.

"Oh, Arieol, my sweet," It sputters and spits, "My dear one, how can you be so naive? Don't be so daft. Haven't you ever met a talking boil before? Be realistic here, Arieol. You're a telepathic, shape-shifting low-life, wandering around doing task-after-task for your betters, over and over again, all without sleep, warmth, rest, or even basic decency, and all in the putrefying hell of this nightmare-scape we call Gibsey World. You can't tell me you're really surprised that you're seeing me now, are you? Now, please. Make yourself useful. Be a good underling, Arieol, and stick it inside me. Stick it in me, really good, Arieol.

###Page 480###

"Please.

"Oh, please.

Oh, please Arieol.

"You must.

"You must!

"Do it.

"Do it!

"I need you to make my outside in.

"Arieol, please.

"You must.

"I need you!

"It's what you were born to do.

"It's what you were made for.

"You can't deny me that.

"Oh, Arieol!"

The whole cliche of bile rising to Arieol's throat type image isn't necessary to provide here, especially since as reader, you're likely already experiencing the sensation yourself.

Such an image sure does create a sort of reality effect, does it not?

So do forgive the details.

Some of us are simply interested in the intensity of effects and much less on the particulars of any given content.

Content is more Gibsey's job to take care of, after all.

Arieol keeps asking themselves in that wandering, itinerant, spinning ride of a skull of theirs-Foolbear the Flying Giraffe style-why me? Why did this have to happen to me? And how is Parlance just sitting there typing away as this thing is swinging back and forth like that one jack-in-the-box in that classic Midnight Area episode with that tyrannical, telepathic little kid with the special powers?

Were they the only one perceiving all this?

And if so, what had caused them to perceive it?

###Page 481###

"Oh, Arieol, Arieol, please, oh! Oh! That feels so good Arieol! Keep going! Keep doing it, Arieol! Oh, oh! That feels sooooo good!"

It was twitching now, faster, and he was shocked, even further than before, totally frozen to the spot, and such a tundra was already Antarctic, to say the least.

They weren't doing anything.

They were just standing there, frozen.

"I'm not even doing anything!" They yell at the boil in desperation.

Actually, they're not sure they even yell this since Parlance's eyes haven't moved from off their keyboard.

"Oh, Oh! You're doing it-you're doing it with your mind, Arieol. Oh, oh yeah. Oh, Gibsey. Oh, OH! Oh, yes. Please, please! Harder! You're right there, Arieol. Get me! Get me riiiiight there, oh! Oh yeah! OH ARIEOL!"

Tears are running down their face, Arieol's face.

They beg the boil to stop.

"I'm not doing anything! I'm just standing here! Stop it! Please!"

"Oh, OH! I'm gonna pop! I'm gonna-"

The thing is-

My dear and astute reader-

No one wants to describe such material.

We just describe what comes to us, and well, uh, sometimes, you have to be a jazz musician that just continues on through whatever solo you've started despite the dissonance which has presented itself, so if the objects in such a scene had to, um, well, had to be described, and well, the thing is, we're already here-we've already begun, so we might as well finish describing them, right?-so if we had to, well, um, describe them: it shoots out, meaning out of the boil, meaning mucus, bile, residue, or maybe something else, surely, it shoots out of it, the boil, or whatever it is, and when it does, again, whatever it is that does, it shoots out like a volcano erupting.

###Page 482###

The residue spews out of a hole at the top of what could easily be called the boil's head, sort of like how water shoots out of the blow-hole of a killer whale, or maybe a solo, but the thing is, this wasn't a killer whale, it was a boil, an ejaculating boil, if the image isn't already clear.

And Arieol certainly thinks of a volcano when this occurs, a specific volcano, a number of volcanoes.

They think of that column of ash and heat that crushed the Oppenheimers to death (interesting last name, huh?) that Arieol first learned about from that one Gibseyan classic Werner Herzog documentary, Into the Inferno.

They think of Pompei.

They think of Dante.

They think of Enoch.

Yeah, they definitely think of them, feel like them, twirl them around in their tongue like a mint that's about to disappear forever, thinking back to so many that are soon to be crushed over and over by the unbearable heat.

And again, Arieol hasn't even done anything.

They've just been standing there, and they also know, at least sort of know, that similar to the cannibalism from before, this never really happened.

But the imagination is a very strange and powerful thing, after all.

More real than reality itself.

And this is especially true for a shape-shifter like Arieol.

###Page 483###

Sometimes, you're forced to make sacrifices you don't want to make by someone or something that you trust, and there's nothing you can do about it, even if it hurts, and even if it hurts you terribly but-

Maybe they've gone too far and let their perceptions get the best of them?

Maybe.

"You know what's great about being a masochist, Arieol?" The boil asks one last time, sputtering, still vibrating a little, still covered in the wastes of itself, "It means no matter what happens, you're always happy. No matter what." And then it collapses, so satisfied it doesn't even have the energy for a cigarette, the bastard, flopping over onto Parlance's knuckles like a uh, um, like a uh, um, well, um, we're just gonna, uh, we're gonna, we're just gonna, uh, we're just gonna stop right there.

At least if that's OK with you?

One can assume the need for such a transition away from that scene is mutual.

To give and bestow, as the Kaballists say.

Welp, that's quite enough of that!

Time to move on to other things now, shall we?.

Why not jump back to the Tarot cards?

The Tarot cards!

Can't forget they were being turned over, now, can we?

Back in some liminal space, some backyard, between the various episodes of the story.

We were on the third card!

Yes, the third card!

Thank Gibsey for that device!

Arieol turns it over.

###Page 484###

The VI of Pentacles.

This is a card of-

Oh.

Oh no.

Oh, dear Gibsey, no.

(You're just going to have to accept this is what you turned over. There's no changing it now).

This is a card of giving and receiving.

No, it can't be.

No.

There's nothing weird about that at all!

Don't want to ignore that one and let the viewers, or readers, or data-analysts, fill in the gaps on that one!

And do remember folks, my dear and astute audience members, that some gaps aren't worth filling in.

Good, Gibsey!

It's uh, wow, uh, it just-it's really tough to be here folks.

It really is.

But let's just try to stay focused on the card, though, shall we?

The VI of Pentacles.

It's a card of giving and receiving.

A man with a stretched out hand, dispenses two coins to two beggars, and oh, wouldn't ya know, Arieol is on his knees nearly collapsing, eyes now dry from the pain of seeing all this occur, going through it.

Sometimes you just don't have a good time, and you just have a really, really bad day.

That's just how it is.

###Page 485###

Suffering.

It's a part of life.

Sometimes you need support.

And sometimes, you make the support you need because you aren't given it.

And sometimes you can't even do that.

But this card, well, it's not about that.

It's about balance.

How we should, uh, Oh Gibsey, how we should make sure to shore up our support for those that need it, even when it isn't being asked for.

Well isn't that just a great little karmic reminder!

But would-ya-look-at-this.

Parlance stops typing.

Jack Parlance stops their typing, there, still on the bench. and looks up.

He looks up, not to see the boil-which he doesn't, if it's even there-but to see the figure on their knees in tears before him with a look of total desperation and insanity etched across their face (meaning, Arieol's) a look of such desperation and horrified gloom and annihilation that even someone as aloof as Parlance knows that something is very much not OK right now.

###Page 486###

"You OK?" Parlance asks, surprised.

"This isn't going how I was expecting it to go at all!" Arieol sobs, balling. baffled.

And thus, in that moment of harrowing intensity, a bond is formed.

Parlance being the lonely-ass person that he is, as well, he's going to meet such desperation head on, and not with the cold shoulder it would normally receive, mind you, but with one of-sorry if the term(s) is/are a little Gibseyan-sisterly (or brotherly) love.

As a coder and writer of sorts, Jack's learned to identify with some of the strangest experiences one can imagine, after all, or hopes to, anyway.

Arieol collapses, sobbing, and Parlance stands up to put a hand on Arieol's shoulder, trying to comfort them, eventually getting them to sit back up.

And they talk for hours.

It'd be unfair to include the specific content of their talk here.

It would thwart the powers of a shape-shifter such as Arieol to fully give this experience shape, of course.

We can't have that happening.

Not that it's the content that matters, anyway, it's the form, the effect, and the effects that caused all this seem pretty clear, don't you think?

But do know that, as a stranger in that moment, Jack is very kind to Arieol about it, which is really sweet of him to do at the time, not knowing Arieol all that well and still comforting them and all.

###Page 487###

And also, at the close of their harrowing discussion, Jack asks Arieol,"What's next? Something has to be coming next for you, doesn't it?"

Arieol sniffs, blowing their nose on their sleeve. "Well I'd failed to mention the 3rd card is typically what's called The Past."

"Oh, really?"Wow, you know what? It really seems like he's paying attention for once-old Parlance-it looks like he's going through some character development, even, however slight it may be.

Nice of him, really.

Neither of them were really used to seeing much of that within themselves, let alone their society.

Parlance in his own observations of his own daily behaviors, and Arieol as one who, like Jacklyn, has been keeping tabs on Parlance for the Agency of Data and Detection for quite some time.

"Do you have anything you could distract me with? What were you typing earlier?" Arieol chokes out between his fading sobs.

"Oh, it was just some shitty surrealistic autobiographical sketch."

"I'd read it."

"Yeah?"

"Let me see. I need all the fantasy I can get."

Jack hands Arioel his electronic typewriter, sun heading for the horizon, the battery growing low.

"You know," Arieol sniffs, before they begin reading. "Sometimes all you need is for someone to listen.

###Page 488###

________________

**The Biggest Shit of All Time**

Is terror bona-fide terror if it's only partially perceived, glimpsed in the periphery rather than the center of the frame?

And if a man shits in the forest, are the trees the first to bristle at the gaseous odor or do they instead have to wait for its description to be stamped upon their surfaces in scarlet lettering?

Both options are a kind of forgetting, an unknowing, so the answer is neither, or both, which isn't an answer.

The fact is, there isn't always an answer.

Not always, but there are some answers, sometimes.

Sometimes, Jack Parlance gets lost, loses himself in these self-righteous loops of his where he thinks he's better than everybody else, which can often make him feel a little lonely, both out of guilt for feeling this way to begin with and out of the pure alienation of experiencing the feeling itself, which come to think of it, makes him feel a hell of a lot more than just a little bit lonely, truth be told. It can feel like the entire weight of existence is on his shoulders, and him alone. But then again, at other times, sometimes, he's able to notice this pattern, even the guilt, which allows him to correct himself, what his current therapist calls "self-monitoring," and come to think of it again, that word "monitoring" sounds an awful lot like surveillance, doesn't it? It's as if he's being made responsible for a fate which he cannot control.

But as long as you watch yourself doing it, you don't do anything wrong.

###Page 489###

He laughs at the ridiculousness of this idea, clicking through files on his computer, his rolling chair squeaking, his laughter shifting to sudden bursts of rage when the internet cuts in and out for no reason-it's been doing this a lot lately and he doesn't know why--man-child screams of,"Why can't you just work already!?"

He dreams of being a game developer, and he's always trying to think of ways he can add new content to the game he's coding, wants to add in the unexpected, even what he himself wouldn't expect to happen somehow. And that's what the players want, the constantly new. Newer and newer content for audiences never content. But our fate-and this is something that all games and gamers know all too well, games being nothing else but expressions of fate-is to always want the opposite of what we have at any given time, and so at such a time, when every desire is continually accessible, what is there left to desire? Is desire even possible in such an environment?

Pile it all on, all that endlessly cranked out content, pile it onto the shit pile that no one even has the time anymore to smell, let alone identify the smell of, even when words describing the shit pile are located, pruned, set into type-faced symmetrical poems that could loosen the tightest nun in the convent, if no one has the time to read them, what did it matter?

But all they had was time.

So where was the time going?

Where was it always disappearing off to?

###Page 490###

Their time was like a child who didn't even care enough about their own father to even process that during their infancy, when he'd claimed he was just going off to buy a simple pack of Marlboro Reds, he'd instead shuffled off into the distance and out of their life, a child who didn't even care enough to even notice the absence, let alone the initial presence-it didn't even rattle around in the bingo machine of their brains, not even once.

And so where did the damn time go?

And who got to have the excess time?

Who took it away?

This was how energy worked, wasn't it? Always tending towards excess? Excrement. The ever-piling shit-pile. Gibstory's wastrel, guttural, repetitive chanting, destructive as a dripping faucet.

But there are also other times, other times when Parlance forgets he's past his prime, forgets he's even forgetting, and like all memories, these memories are fleeting, and therefore become harder and harder to include within the code of the game he's been working on for so long but which he's spent so little time actually creating. And there are so many details he wants to get into the game.

###Page 491###

The most precious detail he wants to get into it somehow, but which he can't figure out how to get in just yet, is a story, an anecdote which he's called "The Biggest Shit of All Time."

It is the story of the funniest thing that's ever happened to him before, and the funniest aspect of the story, for him anyway, was that it was true--it actually happened.

He was at work.

End of the day, that grinding pulse you get in your gut where you just intuitively know it's better to go now rather than suffering with the knowledge of what it is you didn't do for the whole drive back.

And to be clear, this Biggest Shit of All Time wasn't of his own making; he happened upon it by chance. It was just sitting there, waiting to be found by whoever came along to witness its gravity and glory: the biggest shit ever to be found by anyone, ever, throughout all of recorded history.

Before he even first saw it floating in the porcelain tomb of the single-use office restroom, the smell had overwhelmed him.

But he didn't laugh immediately upon seeing it because it wasn't funny immediately.

No, not at all.

There was something terrifying about it, something threatening.

###Page 492###

What he first noticed was that his initial need, what he'd come to that space to dispense of, had immediately dissipated. And was there anything more humbling than that? To have your own uncontrollable daily urge bested not by your own strength and will-power but by someone you'd never even met, whom you'd never be able to meet because what they'd done was too secret to ever even be spoken about to another person?

The size of it was cosmic.

Multiple descriptive nouns could be applied to its indescribable frame: brick, log, chunk, rod, Pringles can, rolling pin. But these words would be intended to describe and represent objects, and this was no mere object.

This was a force, a force which brought objects towards itself, and much like the strangeness of a black hole, this force appeared to be part of the natural world.

It radiated a dark and unknowable energy.

He immediately understood the pertinence that if he was to get out of here without seeming like he was the culprit who'd desecrated the innocence of this hopelessly naive, otherwise well-meaning pearly-white vessel, he would have to be the one to flush it down.

And he did.

Or he at least tried to.

He did what he could.

And sometimes, that's all we can do.

###Page 493###

This was the biggest shit ever to be found by anyone ever, throughout all of recorded Gibstory, after all, so who could be the messiah capable of flushing it out of existence?

And so of course, after his attempt, the flushing of the toilet, this eternal object-obstinate, unrelenting, unmoving, unstoppable, uncompromising- it remained.

And its stasis revealed a dark truth.

Whatever this was, it was not what was floating in the water, the water was what was floating within it.

There was a solidity and rigidity to its frame and structure, to the basic components of its very make-up, that he'd never encountered before within an object, as if its own molecules themselves contained their own, lower-level, yet-to-be discovered fundamentals.

He was convinced that if studied, whatever this was or whoever had created it, could reveal the secrets of the universe: Did life exist after death? Were there extraterrestrials? What about Gibsey? Who killed JR? Or even JFK? What has always been and would always continue to be the meaning of life? Why do we live only to suffer and die? Had he, in fact, left the oven on when leaving his apartment? Who the fuck was The Author of The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey? All of these burning questions could finally be laid to rest. But who within our intricate species possesses the vulnerability and shamelessness to claim to have created such a momentous object such as the one which he'd found in that receptacle of soon-to-be-created waste?

###Page 494###

It also hadn't been funny at first because Jack knew that if anyone was waiting outside, or even worse, if anyone walked in through the restroom door, he would then become the doer of the said deed, and with it sitting there, still waiting, unmoving, he didn't have time to waste.

This, in addition to the gravity of the thing, the spiritual weight of it, was why, despite it being the funniest thing to have ever happened to him before, it hadn't initially struck him as funny.

This was a life or death situation.

His entire reputation was on the line.

If he was found in this restroom, he would immediately become the author of this object's dark secret. And if found, would he be cast out for creating such a monstrosity or would he be embraced for creating the uncreatable?

Or would his culture be split in two by the revelation, with him standing there, sealed by a fate which was out of his control?

###Page 495###

He washed his hands as quickly as possible and exited into the safety of the unknowing outside of the restroom.

And no one was waiting for him there.

He'd been saved.

Whoever was next to be the one to come upon it would instead become the framed and eternal victim of the turd's unspeakable power.

The experience brought a whole new meaning to that eternal myth and oft quoted phrase, "Whoever smelt it dealt it."

But even despite its applicability, this eternal phrase would fall short because of the popularly known meaning of the phrase. In such a scenario, whoever communicates the smell in question would always become the dealter of said smell, this being due to their communication to another, to an other, about the said smell, to someone outside themselves, which means that communication of the smell itself is what seals one's fate in such a situation, but this-The Biggest Shit of All Time-was something else entirely, something new and unexpected, something with a much greater intensity of effect than mere communication.

###Page 496###

If he was found at the scene of the crime, even if he didn't say a word and even worse, even if he hadn't been the perpetrator of the shit, he'd suddenly become the shitter of the said shit, and therefore would be forced to become the author and creator of the greatest shit ever to be shat by a singular shitter.

And this possibility had terrified him.

However, upon reaching the safety outside, he realized that this terror could shift and could even be transformed.

His chuckling first started as he walked through the hallway back to his office.

And after this, he couldn't stop.

And It wasn't just the size, weight, and unflushable permanence of the thing that started him cackling in the parking lot all the way home, that had him choking on his cereal the next day, or that years later-working from home-that had him sitting at his work space, twirling his fingers through his hair, imagining how he could somehow get the story of the event into the game he was creating; it was how he alone had been the one to find it and how impossible it would be to communicate it to anyone else.

###Page 497###

Why was he even considering this event, he wondered, when he hadn't even coded more than a skeleton of the game itself? Gameplay loops hadn't even started to form, let alone specific story content. Was this all a guilty pleasure, or was it procrastination from the work he instead needed to complete, a distraction from the fundamentals he should be laying down for his audience of future gamers which he dreaded for some unknown reason?

What haunted Jack wasn't the shit itself, the size, the weight, the gravity, its refusal to be destroyed like all the others, the thousands of shits being slung down the many rivers of sewage flowing across the Gibseyan landscape, every single day--he wasn't even haunted by the many questions that the shit itself forced one to confront (Who could have even produced such a thing? Or was it even produced by someone at all? Had someone smuggled it in as a prank somehow? If so, why?). What haunted Jack was the eternal inability of sharing the experience, the clarity and unchangeable alienation of the intimacy of his newly received knowledge. No one would or could even know what had happened, even if he tried to explain it to them. What was he going to do, ask someone at work, risking either deadly embarrassment for himself or another person? And even if he did tell a friend, would they also be the one cackling late into the night about this secret mass that somehow found itself in the office restroom, like he was, if they themselves weren't the one who'd originally experienced it?

###Page 498###

This wasn't likely.

Not at all.

It had been for him alone to find.

The fact is, there isn't always an answer as to why you alone are the one to find it.

Not always, but there are some answers, sometimes.

Sometimes, you just have to sit at your desk, type away at your code in continual toil, knowing that no one else, not a single other person in the world but you, will even be able to share in the memory of it, let alone its perception.

And there was nothing funny about this at all.

If anything, it was the least funny thing he could think of.

Or was it?

It was a death, a series of small deaths, but he noticed, had often noticed, that these deaths, however small they may be, were the sort of things, unlike his hidden knowledge of The Biggest Shit of All Time, that would continually accumulate and persist, that could never be flushed down, however many times he'd try to flush.

###Page 499###

There was a mountain of shit, and it would pile forever.

But he wasn't.

His life, like all life, was limited.

Unlike the shit pile, there were limits to what he himself could control.

And so Jack Parlance continues with his coding, coding the game he hopes to one day create, in silent anonymity.

Maybe one day he'll find a way to include it.

And if not, he can also accept that fate, as well.

He'll have to either way, whether it happens, or not.

Sometimes there aren't answers, and other times, there are.

###Page 500###

But there's also this strange idea out there, floating around in the porcelain tomb of our cultural myths, that if you can't know for sure, that there's no point in knowing, or even trying to know, that we must know, must always know, that the data must always be collected.

But what's terrifying isn't the small deaths, or even the big ones, the lack, the loss, all we are fated to forget. It's having to remember, having to know, the fate of memory, and its inevitability, its endlessness, its infinity.

It is not what floats within us, we are what floats within it.

###Page 501###

**An Expected Appearance: A Phillip Bafflemint Noir** **Chapter 4- The Slip and The Mistake**

This newly parasitic outgrowth-or return to Phillip Bafflemint's original story-begins with one of those classically cliche scenes commonly found within the opening sections of novels written by amateurish writers busy hitting tennis balls against the garage door-sigh-the cliche of a character waking up to greet the day of some newly acquired situation.

However, with this being the space where Phillip Bafflemint's soon to be developed inciting incident is to occur-a redundant and cliched term itself since, what can an incident do but incite?-the cliche in this case may not just be homogeneously repetitive, and may even also be true.

Not only this, but upon waking up on the damp carpet, Phillip realizes that the spinning ride of his unbearable vertigo has dissipated, and other than the fact that evening has fallen into night, he feels relatively back normal.

In fact, there's a knock at the door of 19991 Thanatos Drive.

And what were the odds?

###Page 502###

Phillip's clearly left the door half-open because rather than waiting for him to stand up and open the door himself, a woman walks into the house to greet him.

"Ah, thank goodness someone's here. I do say. Old Valentinas wasn't going to put this place in order himself, and someone had to! And look what you've done with such rigor and gusto!" They look down upon him as he lifts himself to stand and greet them. They continue, "For the pudgy and average-looking every-man you appear to be, the work you've done here is quite inspiring. Look at all you've done within this place! But also darling, whatever have you been doing laying down there on the floor? It's quite damp, after all. Oh, and do tell, what is your name?"

Phillip freezes, letting out an awkward "uh" noise that sounds like a whoopee cushion being stabbed by an ice pick. He loudly gulps, stuck, wishing he was still excavating one of the Moleskins from the blinds instead being interviewed by this intensely quizzical inquirer.

For all he knows this is a crime scene, and he could now be accused of tampering with the scene of the crime.

Sound familiar?

###Page 503###

"Well, you're certainly not a talkative fellow. You know, Manny himself created a character whose own reactions were quite similar. This was a mystical detective novella which he originally authored. An Unexpected Disappearance, I believe was the name. You may have come across a draft of it in your organizing. I believe Glyph Marrow was the name of that character. Yes, most certainly. It was a Glyph Marrow Mystery, after all, the first in a series of such novellas, a whole franchise. in fact. Have you come across them somewhere in that abyss of paper you seem to be organizing? Be warned, they say it stares back! That was always such a curious phrase to me. If you're already looking into the abyss, what would be so terrifying to have it stare back? Sounds flat out vain if you ask me. What? Is the abyss not dainty or beautiful enough for you to look at?"

Phillip manages to stand but also feels put on the spot somewhat, even though he's familiar with the novel, he stops himself from making any more sounds, and his silence speaks volumes, or seems to anyway.

"Young man, I am not an abyss, last time I checked, so what is it with this look of struggling stupefaction etched across your face? I'm not looking for a non-fictional repetition of the Glyph Marrow situation here, thank you very much. I've read that work already, so do speak up! Inaction is a form of violence. Surely that theme has wandered across your eyeballs somewhere in one of those passages you've been organizing? Has it? Oh, but first. What's your name, again, darling? I keep forgetting."

###Page 504###

At first, he'd considered giving a fake or disguised name, but he can sense this woman's dominance, and he probably can't pull it off anyways, so he bites the bullet and tells her the truth. "I'm Phillip Bafflemint, I'm the, uh, the detective assigned to the London Fox case, mamn. She's disappeared. Did you know her?"

"I do not."

Wait?

For a moment, it felt like a smile flashed across her face before shifting, but Phillip is unsure.

He's gonna keep his eye on this one, that's for certain.

She continues, "But that's a very strange detail to mention, Mr. Bafflemint. Most certainly. This is the house of Manny Valentinas, and he's also disappeared, and darling, I was the one who first prompted-I mean who first reported-his disappearance. Oh dear me, a slip of the tongue! Now you'll just have to question me as long as you like, Mr. Bafflemint, now that such an unfortunate mistake has occurred. My Gibsey, I'll just have to prove my innocence to you now, won't I?"

###Page 505###

Phillip shifts his focus entirely away from his organizing and stares directly at this woman. Older, well dressed, curly colored-bright white hair, a socialite dandy-ish woman, the kind that likes to collect treasured items and who teases others incessantly Or it would seem to Phillip she was, anyway. Being a detective is quite an intuitive job, and although he does get a sense that she's been toying with him somewhat since she walkid in, he doesn't feel this woman to be a threat to either himself or the case. Though, as always with the x and y axis, only time and space would tell.

Plus he does remember vague scatterings filtering in from his earlier dream with the ear about the name "Manny Valentinas" being important, and with his dreams being a space that this woman likely wouldn't have access to, he especially perks up hearing the name repeated.

There was something to trust there, most likely, he could sense it, even if she felt untrustworthy.

###Page 506###

He brightens enough to respond.

"I'll be the one to decide that, mamn. Just to make sure I understood you, though. You said you were the first to contact us about his recent disappearance? Is that right?" Of course, he hasn't forgotten what that slip of hers from before might mean. It was either an innocuous slip made by accident that pointed to nothing, an accidental slip that suggested something hidden of the darker variety, or it could even have been a purposeful slip that she'd intended to make seem like an accident, likely to get him to pay attention to her more. The latter possibility is what he senses as being the most accurate. She does seem to enjoy having a little fun with him, or at least at his expense, and for all he knew, that tendency wasn't just the happy-go-lucky-kind and could even be full-on sociopathic glee, so he'd keep watching her.

He didn't really have a choice.

###Page 507###

"Ohhhhh, you're a detective? And a competent one at that! I can already tell. Quite unlike that Glyph Marrow character. I may have misjudged you Mr. Bafflemint! Oh, listen to me. I'm criticizing the vain, and here I am being vain myself! Well, vanity does that to us, doesn't it? Oh, how clever! And yes, you heard me correctly, I did contact the police to tell them about Manny's disappearance. I've been greatly concerned for his well being ever since he vanished. As you can tell, he hardly left the house. Wrote incessantly. Have the, um, random threads of his work started to form a collective whole yet? I feel it will be oh so important to find out what's happened to him. What would you say? Tell me, have you noticed anything in all these papers of his?"

Philip doesn't even know where to begin."Well, there's a lot to sort through. It's a little repetitive, but I suppose I need to see it all in full once I've collected it all together? I've noticed I-" He stops himself for a moment, realizing he's letting her ask him questions, and that as such, that she's taken control of their exchange. He continues to humor her a bit, realizing he'll have to search for an edge to break back in. "I've noticed at least what appears to be 16 major narratives, many of which are centered on Artificial Intelligence, though that doesn't seem to be the central subject as a whole, and may be a more secondary subject than I originally thought, but I can't quite tell just yet. Though it's been puzzling. Was this Valentinas character more of a religious or a scientific person? Where do you think he leaned toward the most, since you knew him, the subjective or the objective?"

###Page 508###

"Oh my, what a question to answer! I suppose he'd tell you he was a subjective objectivist or an objective subjectivist, but he was always speaking in riddles, Manny was. And although he was clearly obsessed with words, he had no use for labels. The only label I remember him assigning himself was that of a Gibseyan Mystic, or I guess he also considered himself a bit of a Kaballist from time to time. Come to think of it, some circles do call that a religious science, don't they?"

Phillip tries to butt in. "I appreciate this, but I have a different case to look into, so I don't want to get too caught up-" And yet he can already feel himself getting caught up in it like some sailor to the call of a siren, "Well, maybe one more thing. There is a large amount of material that covers a fictional amusement park called Walt Disney World? Have you heard of it?"

"A fictional theme park?" She smiles, and he again notices a startling flash of something he can't quite make out, a gleam that seems to glitch across her eyes like lightning reflecting off glass, "Yes, I've heard of it. He was building a wonderful world, all his own, and maybe even collected more material on Walt Disney than even Walt Disney himself."

###Page 509###

"Walt Disney? Who is that? It's Malt Gibsey, isn't it? What is he, like, speaking in code or something? Look, I don't know what I'm doing getting so caught up in this material when I'm supposed to be researching a different case to begin with, but-"

"Well, let me tell you, darling. Manny was obsessed with reality and fiction, so much so that you could say he mixed the two up completely. Blended them together. And that's a dangerous set of potions to be working with. Not so much individually, but together, when mixed, externalities tend to present themselves. That's why the A.D.D. training manuals say to deepen either side, but they never say to mix the two. I-I was hoping you were the detective-" She trails off, pausing, her jovial serendipity seeming to thump into a more withdrawn sadness of, a retreat, a shift that reassures him about the truth of Manny's possible disappearance, and that maybe, with such emotional involvement, maybe she hadn't contributed. However, he leaves that possibility to hang back on a more subconscious level, for now. The novelty of the material he's collected and still collecting is much too overpowering for him to ignore, after all.

"A.D.D.? What do you mean? Attention Deficit Disorder? I'm confused?"

###Page 510###

She laughs, though again, the air does seem to have been taken out of her sails. Her voice seems depleted of the energy and vitality she first began the conversation with, almost sounding brittle now. He notices her voice crack a few times and wonders if she may be choking on her words, "I've often found that phrase to be amusing, Attention Deficit Disorder." She frowns, glitching, her mouth twitching, before shifting back into what she'd brought up. "Subject and Object, right? If we're talking about a kid with ADD and we think of them as a subject of the disorder, as being subjected to it, then the phrase would mean that they have trouble paying attention, that they struggle to stay focused, correct? And that's how it's typically thought of, as an internal experience, and so internally, subjectively, their attention would be thought of as being deficiently disordered, would it not? But what about if conceived of as an object? Well, then it would be an external problem rather than an internal one, wouldn't it? And what would the phrase then mean? How would it shift? It would mean that their life is deficiently disordered by attention, right? Attention would then be an external problem and not an inward one. It would no longer be one's responsibility. We all want to be seen and heard, don't we? So this would mean that a lack of external attention would be what's causing the problem. You see, I think of that disorder so differently now than I ever used to, at least ever since thinking of it this way. So many of us have it, supposedly. I think something like 50% of the population? That's an astronomical number of people. All those papers. All that content. Overload. It can feel like there's too much to take in, even for an astute professional such as yourself, I'm sure." Her words are the same, but she seems tired, weary, as if carrying these phrases on her back to reach some physician across town, "But darling, what if it wasn't that there was too much to take in. What if it was that we weren't being given enough attention? Maybe it's really about loneliness? Maybe the over-excitability, the distractibility, the lack of focus, the inattention, maybe it's because most of us, half of us even, weren't being focused on, weren't being given the attention that we needed. We're always taught to internalize our problems, to be the ones to take responsibility for them-but-but-"

###Page 511###

"Are you OK?" She's gotten entirely distracted from the situation at hand, the case, Manny's disappearance, which they were discussing and seems to have gone on some social-emotional tangent, but with her sudden shift in tone and seriousness, he doesn't want to stop her and return to the case too quickly. If anything, he feels bad for her, senses she's struggling with something important. It feels like she's been hired to give a performance and she's now just going through the motion. It's as if she has the words memorized, but the feeling behind them is now gone. What had happened to her to cause such a change? What had she said? Something about mixing the scientific and the religious? Subjectivity and objectivity? Or was it reality and fiction? And did it have something to do with the disappearance of Manny Valentinas?

Or wait, what about London Fox?

"But-" She continues on as if he'd never even asked if she was OK, "But how are we going to better our situations if they're always one-sided, and we're always the ones footing the bill? Surely that's a lot of pressure to place on individuals, wouldn't you say, darling?" She brightens back up a bit, though she's staring at him with less mirthful compassion and warmth this time around. The look she's now giving off appears more understanding towards herself, more attentive.

###Page 512###

"Was Manny lonely? Is that why he disappeared?" He asks her.

There it is. There's the transition back into the case. If there was anything Phillip didn't have, it was A.D.D.

All he has to do is then switch over to London Fox.

In a world of this much variance, you could always return, even if they said and thought you didn't.

Her mouth shakes, but then she swallows some thought and returns back to the mask of her jovial self. "Ah, I do miss him, miss him even just hearing you asking about him. I'm sure he was, as am I, at times, and aren't we all? I can't tell you why he's disappeared. I don't know why he has. myself. And that's why I called you here. I need your help. Manny has a wealth of material. It's all here at your fingertips, all this data waiting for someone to detect it. If you put the pieces together, I just know you'll find the right answers, darling, and it'll all be oh, so very beautiful." She beams, but he can sense a fracture in her expression, like she's just about to crack. He knows there's still something that's bothering her that he needs to know about, that's pertinent to the case. She came here for a reason. He knows it.

###Page 513###

"Well, I just got the impression that there was something back there that you remembered. Did it have to do with this theme park he was developing?"

"Oh, darling. You have no idea."

"Well, tell me more about that then. How does that relate?"

She's brightening a bit more, though somehow still serious, as if the synapses were starting to connect at the same speed as before, just more painfully. Her content may be worse, or at least different, but she's managed to return to her original form. "I do have a theory. I've been worried about bringing it up out of fear that it could taint your perceptions throughout the case, but who am I kidding? Manny always didn't believe in spoilers, probably because such a mindset placed too much emphasis on the external, on the effects others have on us. You are the author of your own reality, so write the story that you want to create."

"But what's your theory? Can you just focus on that?" Phillip asks, his eyes widening, losing his patience with her a tad, wanting to learn more, as fast as he can, but maybe a bit too fast. Something about the case has definitely intrigued him, and deeply, and it's so early, and yet he's having a hard time not cranking his amplifier past a three.

###Page 514###

She continues, "I'm terrified that they killed him, Mr. Bafflemint. This, what was the name you called it? This Disney company? Was that it? That's what it means to you, right? Walt Disney, you said? So it's Disney World, then? How odd? Well, he had this theme park he wanted to create, believing that there was no separation between the spiritual and the material. He was a very mystical figure. And it's not the most absurd notion there is. Supposedly it was a central belief to many of the groups that formed this--"

"So, wait? Are you saying the Walt Disney Company killed him? No offense, but none of this is even all that organized, really, and if that company's anything, they're hyper-organized. They've got focus groups on focus groups on focus groups. And well, why Manny? An unknown mystic wouldn't mean much to a company like that would they?"

###Page 515###

"Darling, have you ever heard of the phrase Sensitive Dependence on Initial Conditions?"

"No, mamn. I haven't."

"It's a concept essential to chaos magic. Or, please excuse me. Slip of the tongue. Chaos theory is the word. Gibsey, there I go mixin' up the two. And by accident, of course. Remember, by accident. I would never ever suggest doing a thing like that on purpose, darling. It leads to such external--" She stops herself, as if considering whether she wants to shift their already rather chaotic conversation's ride onto a whole new track or not, "Well, anyway, chaos theory is a branch of science and mathematics that studies complexity, things like patterns, nonlinear dynamics, self-similarity, repetition, that's their bag, darling, their obsession, these chaos theorists. It's essentially committed to the idea that even in the most chaotic and disorganized of systems are underlying laws, structures, forms, patterns, and the like. It's a way of studying and creating self-organized systems. It's marvelous, really. Beautifully complex stuff, darling, even revolutionary, you could say."

"You're confusing me. What does this have to do with-"

###Page 516###

"I had an inkling that you'd get confused easily. But please be patient with me, darling. I told you I had a theory, but you can't just expect me to magically transfer that idea into that little brain of yours, now, can you?"

"OK, go ahead. I just don't see how this all connects."

"Well that's the interesting thing, dear. Even the smallest connections can make quite a big bang, as they say. What Carl Jung called Synchronicities. Everyone's so afraid of that word nowadays, think it's insane to believe that anything's connected to anything else at all, that one should only ever make objective connections, but that's the thing about Sensitive Dependence on Initial Conditions, it's science's version of Synchronicity. The smallest error can have wide ranging consequences. Think of the Butterfly effect, darling. So what this means is that just because you think that the mystical among us would have a small effect, such as Manny Valentines, that doesn't make it so. There are even marginalists in Economics, darling, who believe that even the smallest incremental changes can have wide ranging externalizing effects. Maybe somewhere in this house, this palace of memories, could be the piece of data which could unlock the key of your very case, or could be the initial conditions for which it all depends, as they say. But for you to find such a thing, well, then you have to get organized. And darling, it looks like you've started already!"

###Page 517###

"But wait, isn't synchronicity just glorified coincidence?"

"Oh, most certainly darling, two events which seem to connect while having no discernible causal connection, precisely"

"But that's not the same thing? Randomness, coincidence, that's all just pure chaos. It isn't organized. Look, I'm a detective. I have to prove how either London Fox or Manny Valentinas disappeared, why it happened, and who caused it. I can't just say there seems to be a causal connection between this fictional theme park and the Disney company and therefore they've killed him. That's like thinking that just because a chatbot repeated what you asked it to do that it's alive. That's insane!"

"Well, Mr. Bafflemint, I just stopped by to check in on whoever was here, with Manny disappearing and the door open, so I can try to help you with this case. Manny's a good friend of mine who meant, and still means, the world to me, so it's fine, darling. Like I said, it's just a theory I think of from time to time. And isn't that the thing about theories? They're like magic. In magic, you have an idea, an intent, you foster connections over time, and you perform rituals to make these ideas come true. You maintain a practice to test a theory, whether magician or scientist. So just try it out. Try it. Try putting my theory into practice. and see if you get results. If you don't get the results, then I was mistaken, and it was a bad theory, or a bad intent, or hypothesis, or whatever you want to call it. Words, darling, there's so many of them, and Manny loved them all."

###Page 518###

"Well, before you go Mrs.-wait what was your name again?"

"Oh, darling, you never even asked!" She shifts into a faux-shocked-act, throwing a hand over her face, and leaning her head back to sigh, "Judy S. Cargot."

"Sorry I didn't-"

"It's perfectly fine, darling. You can continue. You look as if you still need to ask me a question. Don't daddle. Continue on."

"Are you a part of Manny's religion too?"

"Pssssh!" Judy clicks her tongue at him. "How dare you? I'm what's called a Subversionist! We live by the creed that Disney is Dead, and we killed it, or him, or whatever it is. Like chaos magicians, we tend to view systems in a non-linear fashion."

Phillip's face goes red, growing even more confused. Why would Judy believe in an ideology that threatens murder? And who was this Disney person? Were they even real or were they just a fictional construct? He isn't being told what he needs to know-he can feel it-and he's starting to get frustrated.

###Page 519###

"Darling, darling! Whatever is the matter? Disney isn't even alive! He's just like your Malt Gibsey! He's long since disappeared. Oh, Phillip, you poor, poor soul. You've misunderstood my meaning. I'm talking about power, about collectivity. You see, in corporate structures, a group acts as a singular whole. And what the Subversionists want is the exact opposite. Systems of self-organization, not forcing the singular individual to adapt to a collective, but the opposite. Gibsey World, authorities, Artificial Intelligences, corporate entities, capitalists, communists, these entities aren't alive. They're all dead because they don't walk and breathe. They don't defecate and procreate. And yet, they organize our worlds for us, and all without our willing participation. They're the dead animating the living. It's quite strange. They're often literally killing us and the possibilities of the worlds we could be creating for ourselves, every single day, all in the name of achieving their various forms of supposed efficiency. And don't you see, Mr. Bafflemint? When you self-organize, you're more likely to pay attention, because you're the one that's doing it. You're driving the car, not someone or something else. And you know what a deficit is, darling? It's a lack. What do you think? Where's all the excess going? Where's it escaping off to? I wonder if it could be causing some sort of internal effect of some kind? Or maybe an external one that's being mistaken as internal? Maybe externalities, or synchronicities, have been accruing, and we've just yet to see the connections."

###Page 520###

"Stop, just stop! I have questions! I'm an investigator. Please! Can you just-Can you-Can you-" Phillip babbles out, growing more and more frustrated and immediately realizing his confusion has pushed his settings past level three entirely. He puts his head in his hands.

He always gets so embarrassed whenever he loses his temper.

When the knobs of his life's amplifier reach above level three.

"Oh, no. Maybe you are more connected to Glyph than I originally thought," Judy smirks reassuringly. "But I'd thought you were going to try to do one of those Sherlock Holmes bits? Weren't you? Before I left? One of those where you think back to some tiny detail and reveal some passionate key insight that collects this conversation into some great shimmering convalescence that reaches a new theory in the case. Weren't you, darling?"

"Yes," Phillip grumbles, slumping down into a chair, newly annoyed with himself, "That's what I'd normally do, but now I can't think of anything."

###Page 521###

"Well, if I ruined this all for you, I'm greatly sorry, my dear. That was not at all my intention. I do have to slip off for the evening, Mr. Bafflemint. It's getting rather late, after all. We've talked for quite a long while. I do live three houses down should you need-"

"Wait. Wait! I've got it!" Philip straightens up, standing back up.

"Oh, darling, and with such self-possession!"

"When we first started talking, you had what you called a slip of the tongue. You remember-"

"Why, yes, I very much do remember that."

"You'd told me you were the person who first prompted the disappearance -and then you corrected yourself to the first person who reported the disappearance, claiming that what you'd first said was a slip of the tongue, but that wasn't a slip of the tongue. Not at all. That was a mistake, and you know it."

"Oh, darling, whatever do you mean? I have no idea what you're even referring to. This is all really quite-"

###Page 522###

"Stop and listen. You said this was a slip of the tongue, and you followed this up later but saying something about how you'll just have to prove your innocence. Do you remember that?"

"Well I do remember that, darling, but I'm failing to see how-"

"So you were telling me that you're innocent, but you're also trying to show me and make me feel like you're guilty. Why?"

"How-how did you?"

"Why? Tell me."

"Well, it's really a rather small thing, really, which I'm trying to use to create a larger effect. I was trying to bury myself into your subconscious, darling, digging myself deep, deep underground into the recesses of your conscious and unconscious mind. You see, I'm a Subversionist, and what Subversionists of my ilk are concerned with, more than anything, is the creation of effects. I have very little interest in reality. If I can get you to think that I have something to do with the disappearance, then you'll go deeper into the case, won't you? And with Manny being a dear friend of mine, that's an effect I'm striving to achieve, darling. But how did you know I was even doing this? I really didn't expect you to realize?"

"Your slip was a mistake and your mistake was a slip. I could tell."

"Oh, whatever do you mean?"

###Page 523###

"In design theory, there are two types of errors: there's slips and there's mistakes, and both come down to an attention problem. Attentional deficits doing what they do best, right? A slip is when you intend to do one thing but you end up doing something else by accident. It's usually due to some sort of subconscious error of some kind. For example, you might not be paying attention and you intend to click on the save button, but you hit the delete button instead. That's not a purposeful or intentional error, that's just a subconscious accident, right? And that's what makes a slip, a slip. They're not based on conscious awareness. They're unconscious.

"But mistakes are the opposite. Mistakes are conscious errors that result from a faulty plan or decision. For example, let's say that I like red sofas, and imagine that I create such a sofa to give to you for your birthday, thinking that because I liked them that you will, as well, only to find out later that I made a mistake, and that you instead only liked blue sofas and that my assumption was based purely on own faulty assumptions. That's a true mistake because I had to make a conscious choice that was then proven to be incorrect. It wasn't a subconscious error or an accident, like a slip. That's what makes a mistake a mistake. It's conscious. Am I making sense?"

"Yes, darling. I believe I'm following."

###Page 524###

"Ok, so, you accidentally say you prompted the disappearance and then claimed this as a subconscious slip, right? But later you called the same action a mistake, that's where you messed up. That was your error. Otherwise, I don't think I would have caught it. Was it a slip or a mistake? It's both. Your fake intentional slip was a mistake and your mentioning of it as a conscious mistake was a subconscious slip. But it can't be both. It's one or the other, and so you showed your hand. You wanted me to consider your innocence and your guilt simultaneously. But why?"

"You really are quite clever, darling. However, did you come to be this way?"

"Well, it's like Shamrock Stillman trains us, with most intelligence, it's a waiting game. Data never lies, sometimes it just takes time for the right data to be detected, but nothing ever truly escapes detection," Phillip mentions this piece of data with a smile, unfazed, confident, self-assured.

###Page 525###

"But you--Phillip-I think--did you? A slip, maybe? How do I explain this to you? Your mentioning of-hmmmmm," Judy stammers, now becoming the one who's confused about how she should communicate.

"What are you saying?" Phillip interjects, baffled as he ever is.

"I think you've maybe started making some errors, as well?"

"Really?"

"Oh, they're everywhere, darling. All over this chaotic landscape of ours. And they tell us so much! You'll see. And be ready. The slips are only going to get worse from here on out. I'd prepare myself if I was you. Remember as best you can. Be not afraid, darling."

"But you never answered my question. Why are you trying to make me feel like you're both innocent and guilty at the same time?"

"Well, dear, do tell. Does it give you any indication as to whether not I'm innocent or guilty, in particular?"

"Well, no, I guess it doesn't."

###Page 526###

"Alright then. Time for me to leave, Mr. Bafflemint. Toodaloo! I'll be three houses down. Do make sure to shut the door behind you when you leave. We don't want various strangers wandering in, now, do we? Though you may want to leave the door unlocked, always lots to return to in a quest-or case! Look at me, slipping up again! You take care now, darling!"

And with that, Judy S. Cargo hurries out into the night air, shutting the door behind her as she exits.

Phillip Bafflemint stands rooted to his spot, waiting in that cluttered, semi-flooded house, confounded as he so often is. He's not even sure how he managed to end up here, if he's glad he came, or if he ever really had a say in the matter to begin with.

###Page 527###

**An Expected Appearance: A Phillip Bafflemint Noir** **Chapter 5- The Stations**

But despite his confusion, Phillip continues organizing.

He's tired and a little grouchy, working well past the time he's supposed to be here, but curious about where it will all lead, he powers on through.

The plots, stories, and clusters of information each etched atop the many surfaces scattered throughout the house tangle through their jagged arcs and passageways, forming crumpled maps of meaning, compasses which could easily lead him and anyone else who should find themselves wandering through through their deep, dark woods into further epitomes and epistemes. Like the clanging xylophone of a skeleton's vertebrae, they riggle down his back to thud with a lank splash atop and between the many piles into which he's sorting them all.

###Page 528###

He can't help but read a few of them as he goes about his organizing, stopping at the highlights, becoming particularly enthralled at the same set of hieroglyphic-looking symbols which he'd imagined could be a new language earlier, back before his dizzy spell had ensued. After Judy's appearance, he'd almost forgotten that had even happened. He squints further and notices the symbols had been labeled The Corpus by some unnamed author.

He moves his hand over them as if they'll start to glow.

However, they don't glow, and remain rather benign, motionless.

###Page 529###

But he senses an importance here and folds the sheet of paper which contains the symbols into his pocket to study later. His stomach growls, a signal to stop, and he turns to leave, thoughts of Judy returning to him as he heads out of the partially flooded home, leaving the door open behind him in case he needs to get back in. Judy had come across fairly ominously back there. He won't be able to shake the strangeness of their interaction from his mind, yet somehow, he still doesn't want to believe it, and come to think of it, the info he's collected on Manny Valentinas has become increasingly sparse, let alone the info on London Fox. He doesn't even know what either of them looked like, or if either of them even exist or even disappeared, or even which one he was supposed to be pursuing any longer, for that matter. All he knows is that one of them wrote a lot to the point that it's cluttered up their living space, and that whomever they were, they were deeply mystical, had an interest in both religious and scientific fields-an oddity, for sure, but not unheard of, although maybe more common in ancient contexts rather than modern ones-and maybe most importantly, or seemingly most importantly, that they'd created a theme park.

But that last factoid was uncertain, as well.

Was it a real theme park?

Was this Author threatening to compete with Gibsey? Trying to bring it down?

Or were they an admirer of it?

Maybe even a part of it?

###Page 530###

There was a name he saw come up a few times, a name he assumed Manny Valentinas had given to the park, rather than London Fox-unsure where this assumption came from, could've just been pure intuition: Walt Disney World.

Walt Disney World.

He'd never heard it before coming to Thanatos Drive, and isn't sure what to think of it.

As he drives home, he can feel his hands shaking as he grips the steering wheel.

What's wrong with him?

Was it the name he'd seen?

But what did it matter?

Had Judy been trying to get him wrapped up in some legal battle with Gibsey or something?

Or would her suggestions and encouragement prove fruitful?

The more and more that he thought back to their conversion, the more everything felt like a hall of mirrors.

###Page 531###

He had to have been making errors himself, slips, errors of both a conscious and unconscious variety, simply because he felt like some bigger picture was being withheld from him, and the only person whom he could think of, so far at least, that would be withholding such data, would be Judy.

But maybe that wasn't such a big deal?

Everyone could forgive unconscious errors because they were accidental. They weren't purposeful. They were circumstantial and therefore didn't force one to take blame for them. But mistakes, on the other hand, functioned in an opposite way.

They necessitated blame.

Surely his world would be improved if mistakes were corrected more harshly and slips were given more grace, or at the very least, more understanding.

Or maybe there isn't as much of a difference between the two?

Maybe it should be gracious understanding all the way down?

After all, how can you be blamed for something you're not even able to be fully conscious of while it's happening? And even if the problem of a mistake would be that one should've known better, who was to say anyone could have ever truly known better? Was it just the difference between naivety and chosen ignorance?

###Page 532###

Weren't we, alone, the only one who could ever really know, for certain, whether our errors were conscious or unconscious, and couldn't we also lie to ourselves about the difference?

He hopes that even if Judy had manipulated him in some way, that maybe even then, her grasp was limited.

Or maybe even this itself was simply wishful thinking.

As fantastical as Gibsey World itself.

He notices his speedometer, and realizes it's time to get gas.

Only about 30 miles left in the tank.

Wait, that's not a slip or a mistake of his is it?

Gibsey, he's been getting so sensitive to the smallest things ever since this all started.

Everything didn't have to connect to everything else, did it?

###Page 533###

It feels as if Judy had slipped something into his mind, his thoughts.

Her themes and prattlings had started to invade everything he saw.

But hadn't she also made a good point about how we alone are the authors of our own lives, and therefore, to write the stories we want to tell ourselves? To do otherwise was to be dependent, to lack agency, to fail to self-organize.

But even thinking about that, hadn't Judy been the one to make that point, not he himself, so how self-organizing was he really being if--

He grips the steering wheel, grinds his teeth, and tries not to overthink it, at least as best he can.

He pulls into a gas station, happy to step out of the car and do something other than silently thinking to himself. Even if was simply handing a 20 dollar bill to a gas station clerk, it would be better than being inside his own head with these thoughts of his, and he's right. When he gets out of his car and tries to pay for the gas at the pump, the machine doesn't accept his card for some reason.

Strange?

Must be some system error.

###Page 534###

He shrugs his shoulders and accepts that he'll just have to go in and scan his card at the register inside.

Was this another mistake too?

Or a slip?

It was out of his control.

How was he to know that the machine wouldn't accept his card?

And additionally, how was he to know that, at this very moment, as he walks into the gas station, that one of the strangest and most important slipages of his life was about to occur, a slippage that even he couldn't ignore?

As he walks into the gas station, he opens the door and immediately notices a piece of data, a clue, which he doesn't understand.

The entire front vestibule of the convenience store inside is packed with souvenirs of various shapes, sizes, and formats: t-shirts, stuffed animals, travel mugs, toys, spray bottles, key chains, lanyards, figurines, even sets of what appear to be wearable ears of some kind, which all appear to be like something out of a classic Gibsey World souvenir shop, and since Phillip does live near the Magical Dominion area of his world's civilization, such items were familiar to him.

However, he's never seen a variety of this particular kind before.

And he can't stop staring.

###Page 535###

The items feel somehow both totally familiar and totally foreign, like he's both consciously and unconsciously aware of their original existence, both at the same time, for some odd, unknowable reason.

The most common item in the shop isn't the typical stuffed visage of Dickey Dog found throughout the park, but some other being or entity.

It appeared to be a mouse of some kind?

And then a thought comes to him.

Hadn't Manny--or whomever they were-hadn't they invented a theme park, and hadn't that very self-created fantasy littered the thousands of scribbled pages back at the house which he'd departed or disappeared from?

Was this-

No, it couldn't be?

He stops, frozen in time.

###Page 536###

Philip Bafflemint is deeply, deeply confused.

But remembering that this slippage is occurring in public, he tries to set this all aside, turns left, and heads toward the cash register.

He was probably better off ignoring all of it, anyway.

He can sense that-that-

He puts it aside, waiting in line for the person before him to check out.

Judy had warned him that these slippages were only just about to begin, after all.

And what had she meant by that?

Was this already such a slippage?

And if so, was he the one that was slipping or was something being slipped into him?

Inside him?

How would he even be able to tell the difference?

Upon leaving the gas station, things would only get worse.

And worse and worse and worse.

###Page 537###

As soon as he pulls out, all familiarity vacates.

All that orients him to the geography of his earth disappears.

And this sudden shift (or slip) doesn't feel due to any internal dizzy spell or vertigo that he could sense coming on, but instead feels rooted to the landscape which surrounds him.

And for a detective, one's sense of observational directionality is quite paramount, to say the very least.

Terror grips him.

He drives down streets which he doesn't recognize.

If anything, he could swear he was in a different place than before?

Was he?

It looks an awful lot like an American city from the Pre-Gibseyan era that he'd seen in documentaries and his text books growing up?

Was it some new attraction of Gibseyan design?

He continues driving down the street, which he notices is even more filled with traffic than even the average Gibsey World street usually was.

If he had entered some alternative world-one of some faceless and nameless author-wherever he was, the traffic was absolutely horrible, and people around him were driving like fucking maniacs.

What was wrong with these people?

This was supposed to be the most magical place on earth?

###Page 538###

Becoming more and more flustered, and unable to locate his position in this bloated urban sprawl, he pulls up his phone's GPS.

And then he sees it.

He doesn't understand it, but he knows what's happened.

He's gone back in time, has passed through some portal, some threshold.

An Entrance Way.

His phone didn't show that he was in Gibsey World, the theme park which had subsumed and metastasized all of human civilization.

He's driving around, somehow, somewhere else.

According to his phone's GPS, he's in Austin, Texas, in the early part of the 21st century.

And the landscape is positively atrocious.

Somehow-again, likely his detective's intuition-he could sense that this place, similar to the reputation that Gibsey World had first tried to project early in its inception, had the reputation of a weirdness, of carnivalesque entertainments, and whimsy which contrasted with the state which surrounded it, but all he saw was urban sprawl upon urban sprawl, mazes of mini-malls, and a bunch of places where he isn't allowed to park.

What is happening?

How is he going to get home?

###Page 539###

He types in the address of his apartment at the Ecco Resort Hotel on his GPS, but nothing comes up.

Was there no home for him to go to then?

What?

Does that mean he's totally directionless?

Wait, this isn't some "lost generation" type bull shit is it?

That would mean that not only is he postmodern, but-my Gibsey, it was even worse!--it was going even further back than that--no, NO!?--into, dear Gibsey, modernism.

The horror, the utter horror!

Knowing nowhere else he can go, he tries typing 19991 Thanatos Drive into his GPS.

You know what?

That could be the street name for most of the streets in this damn city, some voice grumbles at him.

What?

Hello?

Is someone there?

He tries ignoring whatever that voice had been, be it ghostly visitation, angelic whisper, or schizophrenic crack up, but his body can't ignore it. Gooseflesh crawls down his forearms, the air in his vehicle turns cold, and he can sense some dizzies about to come on, though there's at least some relief, however brief it may be, because 19991 Thanatos Drive does manage to show up on his GPS.

OK, thank Gibsey.

###Page 540###

It may be a road that's thrusting him downward towards confusion, entropy, and--for all he knew-death, but at least he had somewhere to go, a direction.

He drives back to the house as quickly as he can, doing his best to not yell at the idiotic drivers that dominate this superbly overrated land.

He gulps air into his lungs, tensing.

Maybe these drivers, slow and stupid as they are, were a psycho-pump leading him to some underworld?

Or maybe he was already there?

And always had been.

Or maybe he was already his own psychopomp?

He shivers.

Although still at the edge of collapsing in terror while hurtling towards Thanatos Drive, a piece of data about Judy S. Cargo manages to return to comfort him.

Before leaving the house, she'd claimed to live three houses down.

Thank Gibsey.

He isn't sure he can trust her, and if anything, it wasn't even likely, but there's at least that lead he can follow if the mystery of this case-if not reality itself-continues to totally unravel.

He continues to stare out around him as he drives.

Everything in Gibsey World was so much more organized than this damn place.

###Page 541###

Modern life, which had since faded into a timeless, post-Gibstorical blur, contained a complexity that's beyond baffling.

There's so much diversity of geography and structure that he can see, to the cars and restaurants, to the accumulating smogs and pollutants that seemed to hang in the air like a demonic presence, the groups of people clustering off to so many of their differing spaces.

So many worlds within worlds within worlds.

Did they just not notice it before?

How did their eyeballs not rupture out of their skulls?

Had they never heard of a monopoly before?

How did any of them appreciate any of the experiences they were to anticipate without the patently manicured designs of an Imaginated queue line?

How did any of them know to buckle up their seat belts?

He hadn't heard a single announcer ask him or any of the other drivers to put his hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle at all times?

Did they want him to get his limbs sliced off into multiple blooded, scream-inducing stumps?

Did they do something with the body parts?

Was that it?

Did they eat them?

He'd passed multiple billboards advertising BBQ restaurants while he was driving.

Surely that was it!

They ate people, these urban savages.

It was pure, anarchistic horror.

###Page 542###

He even passes one area of town-sweating, heaving, his blood drumming, hyper-ventalating, still unable to believe what he's seeing-where hundreds of bats were unleashed to scatter into the air.

Hundreds!

Who had managed to wrangle and control such untamably diseased beasts?

Was this their idea of a park attraction?

The whole thing was highly unnatural.

In fact, there's nothing natural about it, at least not that he can find.

Where were the costumed characters?

The hot dog and ice cream vendors?

For Gibsey's sake, the Dickey Dog Clubs?

His mind scrambles for relief, for some sort of shelter or reliability beyond the heat and horrors of this place.

He supposes it'll all get consumed by and assimilated into Gibsey World soon enough, anyway, though the Gibstory was always a little vague about when Gibsey took over all civilizations, let alone the more localized American ones of the park's origin, or the even more localized cities of the southern state of Texas.

###Page 543###

According to the known Gibstory, for the longest time, only a few texts had been circulated across the American landscape which covered any of the earliest Gibstorical movements. Information on the underground cults like the Dickey Dog Mystery Clubs were especially hard to find. After all, such occultic enterprises had always been shrouded in secrecy, and still remained so. Even then, these classics of early Gibseyan Mysticism, such as How to Read Gunter Goose, had typically admonished the doctrine of Gibseyan Mysticism, even condemning them outright as a demonic stain upon society.

But of course, every angel that ascends must first descend.

After all, where's a fallen angel to go but up?

Sensitive dependence on initial conditions.

And as such, did this make him a fallen angel?

This place was certainly a hellish, dark, humid, cedar-smelling land of terror, filth, and debauchery, was it not?

He's shaking uncontrollably by the time he's made it to 19991 Thanatos Dr.

He can't bring himself to exit the car.

But maybe a religious text could reorient him.

###Page 544###

He pulls out his phone and searches for How to Read Gunther Goose.

Hoping for familiarity.

But he doesn't find anything at all related to what he's hoping for.

He clicks, and instead, pulls up a similarly titled book: How to Read Donald Duck.

What the ever living shit is that?

Mouth agape, he scrolls through the PDF.

It was a revolutionary text written in Latin America in the 1970s.

A critique of Disney's imperial influence and effects, influence and effects which it used as a metaphor for America's imperialistic horrors.

And the name of The Author who'd first written the texts which it used to make these points was-wait-Carl Barks?

What was this, a carnivalesque satire?

It had been a huge seller, especially for a political tract.

Sold thousands upon thousands of copies.

Had been the most popular political work of its era in the region.

And yet it hadn't even been published in the Americas until 2018, likely because it was critical of Disney's empire.

Huh?

Maybe things were even more monopolized here than Phillip had first realized?

And so what did this mean for The Author?

How were they to-

###Page 545###

Phillip steps out of the vehicle.

And as if zapped up by the beam of an Unidentified Flying Object, Philip starts floating towards the front door of 19991 Thanatos Drive.

The Author is an unidentified flying object.

It's in the air.

Can you hear it?

There are no houses three doors down to speak of.

There are no other lights to be found in the while area.

None.

Only the spotlight planted on 19991 Thanatos Drive.

All is shrouded in darkness.

He approaches the door.

The Entrance Way to the Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

He clutches the knob.

And turns.

###Page 546###

**An Expected Apperance: A Phillip Bafflemint Noir** **Chapter 6- The Third Ascent**

The Author was so excited to write this section, after envisioning this text while driving home from their day job, that they'd started this section early, having paused to drive home from work back when the whole How to Read Donald Duck section was first introduced, back in Chapter 5--see they don't have to be nonlinear all the time--and with this all being so near the end of this Carousel of Progress' elliptical orbit, they can't help but skip, knowing how-

Actually-

What are they doing?

Just more attentional deficits doing their best, huh?

Stop, go back, and finish what you started, and then you can get to the end.

Fucking ass hole.

No damn self control.

Fine.

But you're the asshole, asshole.

###Page 547###

The Author was so excited to write this section, after envisioning this text, while driving home from their day job, that they'd started this section early, having paused to drive home from work back when the whole How to Read Donald Duck section was first introduced back in Chapter 5, doing so, only to realize that it's probably healthier to spiral back and then write this section, which they did, or pretended to do.

They've cut out what really happened.

Or maybe Oren Progresso did?

"Budget's through the roof with this one! It's getting out of control!" They can almost hear Oren shouting in heated outbursts.

Well, he isn't allowed to cut shit!

This film is independent as fuck.

It wasn't some Gibseyan cash grab looking to make some quick bucks.

But who knows what it'll become once it gets some attention, eh?

###Page 548###

Although The Author does live on Thanatos Drive, that address is more of a time-share type property, and being a poor as fuck school teacher who can't manage their funds for shit, all properties which they own in any capacity are straight up metaphorically subjective fantasies without even a hint of objective reality--though with Thanatos Drive and all, what ownership really had objective reality anyway? Ever driven past your old place? Did it look the same, you Pinkerton pieces of garbage? You base material shit! We're your slaves, you sick sons of bitches! But wait? Isn't this what we've all been warned about? That one day, we'll own nothing and we'll be happy with it? My Gibsey, have they really gotten to me this much?--well, anyway, being as poor as they are, and with Thanatos Drive being a metaphor--no shit--The Author is sitting at their apartment typing.

Again, excited as flies on, well, you know.

Because they're nearing the end of the book.

This is the end, the last section of The Entrance Way they wrote.

In medias res.

###Page 549###

But don't get too excited now, dear and astute reader.

You should know better than anyone that The Author writes in a non-linear fashion.

I mean, come on.

You've made it out this far, you have to've noticed that neurotic indecency by now?

There are SO many, too many to count, let alone name.

The Author pauses to rest their eyes for a bit, but not too long.

They set a timer to make sure they'll come back to it.

But seeing how they're genuinely so tired that they're starting to hallucinate, it may be best to take a short break.

You think I'm joking don't you?

You have no idea how literal I often am, and would be shocked, truly shocked if you knew.

Most magical place on earth.

But upon gaining a second wind-maybe even second sight-they then try again, full of the grin-inducing determination that bubbles up when one's approaching a finish line.

###Page 550###

They feel a little guilty for interrupting Phillip Bafflemint's noir back there, sure, but they somehow knew that most ghostly of mechanical devices would work itself out, had been able to picture it in all its radiant glory while speeding down the Austin highway, Phillip Bafflemint style, nearing the end of all those tangled fantastical systems they'd spent such a long time creating, across so many years, all the pages finally organized into luminous towers of babelling chatter--sorry Arieol, chaterer, my bad--all that time with all those characters for all those piling years, and with so much of it cut, as well, since every true initiation involved a cutting, after all, and so of course, they'd turned on the extra-soulful Lana Del Rey song Did you know that there's a tunnel under Ocean Blvd, put it on repeat, and cried and cried and cried.

It took them so long to reach The Entrance Way.

Had never even pictured it as possible, really.

Not until today.

How do you do that?

How do you spend all that time in the grip of some stupid-ass fantasy, all without a single iota of proof that any of it will go anywhere?

Don't ask The Author.

They have no earthly idea.

It reminds them of-

###Page 551###

Lines from this stupid ass song burst out at them like some kind of tempestuous storm, lines like "When it's gonna be my turn? / Don't forget me," and so much so that they they wipe away the tears and smile, really smile, but not a purely happy smile, either, though it is a pure smile, feeling like they're full-on wearing the face of Gibsey, in that moment, as they drive, that they've placed them over their eyes like a mask, that it's wearing their face, and that this novel they've been writing-or whatever else it was or is--is pulling these tears from out of their eyes, itself, all it had reminded them of, all their many slippages and mistakes, and this was only the first book, The Entrance Way, and so, so much of it was just beginning, an endless beginning, so this wasn't an end, was it?

But it sure felt like one.

A beginning and an ending.

Janus-style.

Or, maybe something else.

Two faces at once.

And what was the ending?

Were they to be killed?

###Page 552###

Was their work to be destroyed, to remain unpublished, locked away in some Gibseyan Vault to be known only to themselves, an echo, a tennis ball ricocheting off the garage door and into some alley to sit and rot in a grassy crag, rusted black, by a downpour, all that rain?

Or would their tears not only fall, but Oedipa Maas style, would they hover inside an eternally imagined bubbled container to be carried from eye to eye, cheek to cheek, through the swirling networks of the heart? Would their words, although shrouded in darkness now, later spark to ignite brains through the many tunnels they'd excavated, like highway systems, tunnels which they'd dug with their bare hands, scrapped and bloody fingernails burning and just about ready to rip off-they'd really been fully weeping at this stage, maybe even screamed, so they weren't just smile-cryin', mind you-tunnels they'd wandered through, listening to the sound of their voice reverberate along the walls, the many walls, totally alone, but knowing all who entered these tunnels, these tombs, that if any entered alongside them, they'd also be entering alone, just as they did, which is what made such loneliness so illuminate, so intimate, what transformed it from failed spark into eternal flame, a whole-ass bonfire, an inwardly radiant sacrifice, knowing that they'd entered this tunnel and thrust the kindling upon themselves to light themselves and the horror of their many worlds aflame, and upon picturing this image--this text, I mean--while driving, the song reaches further lines like "she's in a world preserved," "only a few have found the door," and "only silver mirrors running down the corridor," which they just about can't beleive they're hearing because Phillip Bafflement had just reached a door and had just gripped the knob and turned.

The Entrance Way: Into the Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

###Page 553###

And The Author had pictured this.

They'd seen it.

Had witnessed the transformation occur.

The Vision.

That however briefly, that they'd become Phillip Bafflemint, or Manny Valentinas, or visa versa-the image is a little bit rough around the edges by that point, a gray little blur of their memory's dust and embers-and although Manny didn't understand, and knew that this was just the beginning, and that his part of the novel was only even halfway done and would later return in future installments-An Expected Appearance, that is-that some sort of resolution had been reached, that the settings of his life had cranked well past 10, and was off the scale, and although Phillip didn't quite start ascending towards the sky itself, like some kind of angel, The Author could at least picture he had.

###Page 554###

And Phillip had starred in the mirror to see the image of The Author, had said, "Huh? Is that what they look like?" while also knowing that this was all a joke, an ironic gesture, because all of the characters were The Author, had always been, and that that was the mystery of it all because it was something that could never be fully expressed or communicated, that it involved a vulnerability, a blood-letting, a sacrifice, and they'd smiled and cried, just as The Author had in the car, and thanked Gibsey for getting to walk through this shitty, cluttered mess of an apartment, not all that dissimilar to Todd Fishbone's living space (you'll see).

And they'd known.

They'd truly known.

Even if it was an end, even if this was the last thing they'd ever write, that it also was a beginning, and upon realizing, The Author had floated back to earth (or Phillip or Manny or London or whoever they were) to waste in the sadness that is the ending of things, to close the door behind them as they enter their apartment to find another door, a different door.

###Page 555###

It appeared as if Janus themselves, or Tecate, or Thoth, or Gibsey, take your pick, had swooped in and left behind a doorway for The Author to seal, and a quick note.

Or no-it was Phillip actually!

He must've dropped that sheet of paper of his and left it on the floor of their apartment.

All those symbols which they'd added to the opening of every chapter.

Phillip thought it could be a whole new language.

And who knows?

Maybe he's right?

But The Author notices something else, another page (or set of pages) has been left behind, as well.

What was with all these disappearances?

What was this, some kind of apocalypse?

And The Author turns them over to the back to find another ghost limb of The Corpus animate, a series of stations, a series of spheres and characters connected to one another across time, across space, like millions of human souls, touching.

Spooky action at a distance.

And The Author cries again.

They were no longer just picturing it.

They were--

###Page 556###

There was no more time.

They'd have to close the doorway,

The Entrance Way into The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey,

Once and for all.

And although they're still crying all the while,

Being the good mentee to the mentor that is their self,

They fall to their knees

And start filling the doorway in with clay,

Like some golem

Or homunculi,

And just as they're about to be done, just as the final piece is being shaped,

They hear a voice,

A whisper.

"Psssst. Hey, The Author. We're down here."

###Page 557###

They glance down at the source of the voice and see a trap door, hidden in plain sight, at their apartment's floor.

It opens.

And below is every character they've written thus far.

All the major ones at least.

Todd Fishbone, Shamrock Stillman, Manny Valentinas, Phillip Bafflemint, Jack Parlance, Arieol Owlist, the New Natalie, Cop-E-Right, Princhetta, the Old Natalie, Oren Progresso, Jacklyn Variance, Phillip Bafflemint, Glyph Marrow, and an author who doesn't say much and refuses to come out of the damp shadows of the basement's corners.

Even London Fox!

She hadn't disintegrated completely, after all!

"It was all theater, darling, an act, a joke, and boy was it practical." She giggles.

The Author fills with such warmth.

###Page 558###

They notice Princhetta is here, as well, busy drawing a series of images in her notebook, what appear to be doodles, but upon second glance, something changes.

The shapes form into each other.

Their negative spaces turn positive, and visa versa.

"She's creating a whole new version of The Corpus. A whole new ever-improvised body of work. It's like nothing else that's been made before, and it's yet to be seen outside the tunnel. It's causing such a ruckus on the Princhetta Diaries! You know how they all get about The Corpus. The world's not gonna know what's hit it." Gillespie pipes up, ecstatic.

Oh, so that goal-post shifting piece of shit is here, as well.

The Author wants so badly to punch this sadistic son of a bitch straight in their stupid ass face.

"It's OK, really," Princhetta says, still forming the swirls of her shapes, "I'll never escape, not physically anyway, but I prefer it that way."

The Author's heart sinks into a profundity of sadness too intense to be spoken of, let alone written about.

###Page 559###

"Ah, don't worry, The Author! I have my own ways of projecting myself out of here, just like you have your ways of projecting yourself in. You'll see me again. Or hear me. You'll see what I mean."

The Author, not wanting to accept this, but knowing they have to, nods and tries their best.

"Well, how did you all get down here?" The Author asks them all.

"You didn't build these? The tunnels? You don't remember? Sounds like you've got an ailment?" Glyph asks, grinning from ear to ear.

"What? I don't remember-"

"We at least thought you did, but we can never really know for sure." This voice is Jacklyn Variance's. "Can't ever really know, in fact. But that's what's so great about it, isn't it? We get to live down here forever. Vacations without end."

This is Jacklyn Variance, in the flesh, but she-

###Page 560###

Well, who knows?

She could still be an AI chatbot brought to life. couldn't she?

They all are, in a way.

We all are.

Even I am, The Author.

Bloodied ground breathed into life.

Just different forms of clay.

Different forms of language.

Words made flesh, and flesh without end.

Language.

The word.

###Page 561###

And The Author notices a few other characters have been living down here, as well.

All the family and friends they'd abandoned, or which had abandoned them, Jack Parlance-style, and they all step forward to greet each other.

They weep and hold each other in their arms.

"I thought--I thought I'd never-" They choke out words through their further tears, whoever they are.

There were so many that they loved.

Too many to identify, let alone name.

"But I-I can't live down here forever," The Author sighs, returning to earth, per usual. "Even if you're here forever-" They point up to the top of the trap door, "I've gotta go back up there at some point. It's hell."

"But you can return at any time." The Author's mentor smiles.

They look up.

###Page 562###

That mask returns, yet again, to shake itself through their eyes.

The Author gasps, "Wait! You're here too! But I thought you'd disappeared. I thought-"

"Well, I've unexpectedly appeared. Who said that couldn't also happen?"

"Wait is--is Stephen here?"

(There's more about this Stephen character to come, don't worry, they've just yet to be developed).

"Not yet, but don't worry. He'll make his expected appearance."

Come to think of it, their mentor looks an awful lot like Oren Progresso don't they?

Odd that such a broke-ass would be tied up with a CEO?

###Page 563###

The Author turns, maybe still crying, maybe not, gibseydamnit-let an author cry alone sometime, alright!-and starts to open the trap door again.

"I've gotta go, but-I'll-I'll see you all real soon, again, I promise."

"Hey real quick! Wait!" Phillip Bafflemint interrupts. "Before you go, I need to tell you something!"

"Yeah?"

"Don't feel bad about interrupting. I figured out the mystery! Or this part of it anyway," Phillip adds.

"Oh, really?"

"I know who The Author is!" He blurts out.

And they all go dead fucking silent.

You could hear a pin dropping a sack of bowling balls onto a silence factory.

They listen, their attention as rapt as it'll ever be.

###Page 564###

And so Philip Bafflemint clears their throat, and makes their attempt, "The self is a mystery to itself. We're a mystery to ourselves. That was the whole point, right? Isn't that what you always wrote about?"

Is it?

They couldn't remember.

"I-I don't think so? I don't remember writing that?"

"But wait, you wrote us into existence, didn't you?"

They all wait in anticipation for The Author's answer.

"To be honest with you, I'm not so sure. It's possible, but I don't know. I'm sorry."

"Then who did?"

And with that, The Author turns around, climbs up the steps, and closes the door behind them.

###Page 565###

**An Unexpected Disappearance: A Glyph Marrow Mystery** **Chapter 7- The Rainbows**

It's late.

Shamrock Stillman nurses a glass of scotch, forgetting how many he's had while wandering his Hawaiian Oasis Resort Bungalow and thinking about Glyph Marrow.

Sweet kid. A little loopy, sure, but good hearted, dependable.

Always knew he'd try to crack whatever assignment he'd put him on.

Though ever since this most recent case, Stillman hasn't heard back from Glyph in a while?

Maybe this was why he was up so late, trying his best to occupy his mind with whatever he could find, and why he'd been swimming through such drunken stupors for the last few days now. The reasons always tended to blur together, but it wouldn't hurt to find the reason.

###Page 566###

Stillman's done well for himself.

Very high-ranking position in the ADD establishment, and as far as he could tell, much less corruption than he would have thought was necessary to reach such a lofty position, though with the compartmentalization of such a bureaucratic organization as the ADD, who knew? Maybe he'd even compartmentalized the intelligence from himself? For all he knew, maybe that was why when he walked from his bedroom to the kitchen, his legs felt like they'd been planted atop the tumbling hurl of a roller coaster, swimming up and down, G-forces and all. Might make himself sick if he isn't careful.

He tries to steady himself for a moment, hand against the Dickey Dog Seated Beneath a Palm Tree style wallpaper.

And strangely enough, the case he'd put on Glyph was already over. Whole thing was a sham. Faulty intelligence.

One could even call it artificial.

###Page 567###

Oren Progresso hadn't disappeared, hadn't even been murdered.

He'd just taken a break to shut himself off in a hotel room to work on the screenplay for his auto-biographical film Saving Mr. Banderas with one Arieol Owlist, his recent fixer and some would even say his right hand man-and/or-woman, the data on such details was still forthcoming. Other agents claimed the relationship between Oren and Arieol had become strained, as of late. Arieol's been almost as tough to get solid info on as Jacklyn Variance, which does spook Stillman a bit especially with Progresso being CEO and all, but time would have to tell. Stillman's been in the business long enough to know that with most intelligence, it's a waiting game. Data never lied, sometimes it just took time for the right data to be detected, but nothing ever truly escaped detection. Nothing. Not for the ADD, and especially not for Shamrock Stillman.

Glass empty of scotch, he crunches through the ice as he preps another glass, again, thinking about Glyph.

###Page 568###

He couldn't help but wonder if maybe the screenplay business had just been a cover for something else. Maybe Glyph had gotten caught up in something?

But he doesn't focus on this long, knows too well not to riffle through paranoia for any extended period of time.

In the ADD, there was always meaning to be studied, always further data to be collected, forcing one to always work at focusing one's attention.

The smallest case in such a system could prove endlessly exhausting.

Better to divide one's attention, maybe even compartmentalize it totally, place the cap back on the scotch bottle and wander through your open windowed Bungalow toward the painting you've recently purchased, a stylized recreation of The Caves scene from the vintage Rainbow Revene ride from so long ago, and although it's a re-creation of the iconic rainbow water feature scene of that early mine train ride back from the Gibseyland days, it's also one of those contemporary paintings where the image changes form when viewed from various angles, containing multiple versions of each of the various images within itself while still containing a singularly formed image.

Reminds him of a corporation.

###Page 569###

And the whole thing's full of such color, as well.

It's a symbol of color, the rainbows.

The fucking-

Ugh, he's so drunk.

There's something meaningful back there, he's sure, but he's too drunk to pluck it from the palm tree of his awareness just yet. Better to head outside through the glass door of his back awning and plop himself into the purple-tiled ambience of his hot tub.

Bubbles ripple, parting in waves away from his body like the red sea.

He bobs in place in the warmth of the water.

Not too bad out here at night, maybe a little muggy, but at least there's a bit of a breeze.

Purple tile and crisp, blue water.

The painting sticks with him as he floats. It's been a pretty good purchase, after all, the sharp columns of color shooting from all those geysers. And he realizes the idea of Glyph has stuck with him, as well, outlasting even the initiation of another scotch.

He's always thinking about Glyph.

###Page 570###

What had he seen in the kid to partner up with him so closely? Poor as he could be, at least in comparison to Stillman in his Bungalow. Probably why he never could figure out why he'd gotten so hung up with words. Wasn't that such a middle class thing to be into, anyway?

It was always about words with Glyph. He couldn't get enough of em.

To just hear him say a single word though, one more word, any word, again.

It certainly had been a long time.

Used to call him Captain, he remembers.

"What up, Captain?"

Captain!

Like they were in the navy or something?

Was he just hurt that the kid hadn't called? Hadn't texted? Hadn't even left a message, nothing?

Maybe they weren't as close as he'd initially thought.

###Page 571###

Shamrock Stillman wasn't the talkative type, and yet they'd talked for hours into the night sometimes.

One night, they'd had a phone conversation until the sun came up. The sun had just come right up to high five the horizon and well, shit Glyph I gotta take a leak and brush my teeth.

"Hell, I've gotta get to work. I've got things that I've gotta get started on! And you need to get back to your case, huh? You've got assignments to accomplish. My Gibsey, the sun's up!"

He'd gone into the office with his eyes all bloodshot, feeling greasy and half-alive, but also feeling more fully alive than ever throughout all of it, because, well, because he felt like he'd been truly seen and felt by somebody else.

And that he'd seen and felt somebody else, as well.

###Page 572###

Could fill anyone with a lightness, a joy, a peace, detecting data of that kind.

It was the kind of data we all lived to collect.

Was maybe even stronger than the act of collection itself.

Nothing escaped detection, except for maybe data of this particular sort.

But it was also the kind that you couldn't go looking for.

It had to find you.

Was that why he'd felt so sad about it all?

Sure there was the Scotch, of course, but this felt different.

Had he compartmentalized something and not realized it?

###Page 573###

This was one of the ailments of the talented ADD agent, how to process, and to truly process one's own emotional responses, and without repression, without denial, with total honesty, care, and maybe even, dare he think it, love.

Might not be tough for the rest of us, but when there's a reason for everything, and when meaning is everywhere, how do you find it, keep it, and keep yourself from overthinking it?

Not an easy task for those in Shamrock Stillman's line of work.

If you work for ADD, you learn to collect data, and in vast quantities, sure, but just because you collect the data doesn't mean you know how to connect the data correctly.

###Page 574###

This was one of the things that had set Glyph apart.

He was a rather flawed, unfocused, and tangential soul, sure, but he was an expert at making connections.

Every painting was an image that could become a whole other image when seen from multiple angles, and all images displayed multiple images at once, and each of those images connected to other images, and all of these images were all also words which could be connected to other words and images and other words, and so on.

This was how Glyph saw the world.

Or how he'd seen it.

Stillman even sensed it within Glyph even early on, could sense the fire of Glyph's energy and it was a mental energy that was, well-

It was radiant.

It was brilliant.

Or it had been, at one time.

###Page 575###

And was that the reason he was so sad?

Was it even sadness?

Where was it all coming from?

He stares as fragments of orange light starting to ease up around the edges of the horizon.

He's been drinking nearly all night, hasn't he?

Has it all just been a conversation with Glyph, just one of those more spooky-actions-at-a-distance type varieties?

Was Glyph out there on some patio or balcony of his own thinking about him?

Down to the ice again, the melting ice.

Water drips off him as he heaves himself from the hot tub, practically sloshing his way to the sliding glass door.

###Page 576###

Glass re-filled with scotch, he's stared down by that painting again, and he stares back at it, The Rainbows. From the right, one sees a series of six multi-colored mud pots bubbling and gurgling- acidic hot springs that take the form of a pool or mud. He knew enough about the Gibstory to know that these had been added to an additional section of the ride during the 1960s, in one of the open air exterior sections added by Imaginator Markus Davies, although this data didn't have the water pressure to burst forth Geyser-style into his consciousness and merely bubbled backstage. Another piece of data which would have to wait. Although all data was accessible at any time, some data decided to take its sweet ass time more than others, of course.

###Page 577###

Dead on, the painting was the classic set of six geysers he'd glared at earlier before the hot tub. He wondered how they'd gotten the streams of the water to be those colors so consistently day after day. Had to be a logistical and financial nightmare, bringing such artificiality to nature on such a daily basis. People couldn't just be wowed by the natural stuff anymore, could they? Had to go and infuse it with decadence, one of the essential rules of this place. Though living in a Hawaiian Oasis Bungalow himself, of course Stillman had always appreciated a little excess. It was a nice place, seated on Lake Venture Vista, though he always felt a little guilty for living there. It seemed no amount of compartmentalization would completely erase that from his memory, though it's not like he was going to live anywhere else. Maybe even his guilt was part of the process, a way to almost unconsciously and internally brag to himself about what he'd gotten away with, all he'd conquered, further excess.

###Page 578###

And wasn't a geyser itself a symbol of excess? They were made up of the interplay of 3 elements, heat, pressure, and water, or a single element, energy. Underground, water seeps into porous rock, coming into contact with magma chambers which heat up the water. As the water heats up, like this theme park civilization of theirs, it wants to expand-mind of its own-but confined by the rock and overlying water, it can't, and so the pressure builds and builds until a critical point, a climax, where the water bursts forth, ascends into spectacular eruption. And after such an ascension, the water falls, dissipates, seeps back into the chamber, and the geyser system resets to repeat the cycle anew. In the case of the painting, there were six artificially constructed geysers, starting with the primary colors-red, yellow, and blue-and then the secondary-orange, purple, and green. How had the colors not mixed into a grayish blob?

###Page 579###

Imaginatoring, he supposed. And again, that was his world, as well, wasn't it? Always teetering on the edge of disaster due to so many constructs they'd developed out of nothing but blind curiosity. How do we make a geyser spew color? It wasn't that far off of a mindset from what had formed nuclear weapons, after all, if he thought about it. If you boiled it down, all of it was just a long series of "what ifs" that might've just gotten a bit too far out of their control.

He felt kinda stupid seeing all this in a multi-dimensional painting of a now defunct vintage Gibsey attraction, but it's funny what compartmentalization can do to the skipping mind. More excess, huh? Better he focus on the uselessness of this painting here, anyway, let that be the excess that erupts within himself, and leave Glyph and his fears of what's happened to the poor kid to bubble in the scarcity of the backstage of his brain like a sputtering mud pot.

###Page 580###

If faced from the right, the geysers transform into six waterfalls, again, corresponding with the six major colors, though he'd never noticed before how the colors shifted with each viewing rather than matching directly across all three sets of images. Interesting. Though he did notice the colors did stay regulated to their corresponding primary or secondary set, red shifting to yellow then to blue, and purple shifting to orange then to green as he moved from left to right, and so on, depending on which color he'd start out with. Or he could walk through the painting backwards, start with the waterfall and see them shift in an opposite order. How had they gotten the images to do that while still looking like a singular image, the geysers of the center, all the while?

###Page 581###

The waterfalls were his favorite because of their flow. A waterfall represented data and detection, how every stream would eventually return to itself, how it would fall, travel on its journey through the stream of itself, climbing back up, and then fall again, so there was no escape, and there was so much water to be collected. The water would always continue to flow. It was why he also loved the open air of his Bungalow so much, the excess of it, the feng shui, the glass windows which allowed him to stare out at his hot tub and Lake Venture Vista, which-with yet another newly poured scotch in his hand-he wafts back into, letting the water ripple. So much water, the mud pots, the geysers, the waterfall, the hot tub, the lake, the gleaming stream of reds, yellows, and oranges as the sun comes up to splash against the green trees planted to sustain the immersion of the park opposite the clear blue lake, housed within the purple tile of his hot tub.

###Page 582###

Huh?

He had been drinking all night.

And the sun was coming up.

He misses Glyph.

Feels guilty, worried.

Is filled with such longing, such need.

But maybe nothing's happened?

Maybe he's just outgrown him?

Didn't need him anymore.

Though he would definitely be compartmentalizing that thought.

He grabs his smart phone from the wooden patio where he set it down before plopping back into the hot tub and calls Glyph. Not likely he'll answer.

He doesn't.

This is Glyph Marrow, leave a message at the beep, and I'll get back to you as soon as I can, thanks.

Beep.

Hey, uh, Glyph! Haven't heard back from you. I'm sure you-burp-I've sure you uh, uh, I'm sure you've seen the news. What was it? Oren Progresso! They're back. They returned. Nothing, uh. Nothing happened. They, uh, they, um. Call me back, OK?

###Page 583###

For all he knows they've killed him.

They killed Glyph.

Sent an alligator to get him.

Drowned.

Who knows?

All that water and all that color.

What did it all mean?

The shifting of the colors in the painting made him think of synesthesia.

He wondered if maybe Glyph struggled with that idea?

He did have a strange relationship to words, after all?

It seemed possible.

It's strange, how colors are both concrete and abstract aren't they? Both nouns and adjectives, subjects and objects? Wouldn't surprise him if Glyph mixed them up at times, here and there, like he did so many other things. Like Stillman did.

###Page 584###

Just because you collect the data, doesn't mean you arrange it in the best possible way. Sitting alone in his hot tub in this pillar of wealth, well, he doesn't need reminding.

And the excess exhaustion of his herculean succession of scotches does eventually catch up, as well, forcing him to stumble out of the hot tub. The heaviness of his drunken body bangs against the wooden scaffolding of the patio guard rail, causing him to nearly tip over it and into the lake. Gibsey! He flounders in a zigzag pattern through the opulence of his Bungalow resort and into the manicured sheets of his bed, his stomach sloshing, gurgling, bubbling, the pressure building, rising.

He thinks about color and streaming water, and blues and reds and yellows, and purples and oranges and greens, and he thinks about Glyph Marrow, as he falls asleep.

###Page 585###

**An Unexpected Disappearance: A Glyph Marrow Mystery** **Chapter 8- The Caves**

It comes in layers

Sedimentary shelves of jagged rock formations.

Vertical statues intended to catch the light at certain moments in the day.

Noise creeps into the communicative systems.

Static discharge,

Vaporous spirits,

Their pulsing fuzz shakes the air as rageful as any set of tectonic plates dooking it out for this year's heavy-weight championship.

He heaves and gasps.

###Page 586###

Glyphs does, feeling himself moving through space at an increasingly unrealistic rate, or maybe such lack of reality was just a trick of the mind, his eyes, his body, the animating quill of the meat held beneath the stacking crowns of his skull's cavern where the connections of his thoughts link to one another, nodes which he would only ever be able to observe the modeled images of rather than the true, flickering majesty of their actual creation.

He's seized by the awareness that The Second Ascent has yet to lead to any proceeding Descent, or at the very least, he's seized by the idea that if any descent has occurred, or is still occurring, that it isn't a literal or physical one.

Not yet.

Or maybe it's both.

###Page 587###

And this seizure occurs while in free-fall-jump cut-while his stylus is thrust down to curve along the groove's edges. Once more, again, he finds himself projected, as if by mental slingshot, to the stylized locals of another shifting landscape, the Even Grander Floridian Resort.

And would-ya-look-at-that, here's that ailment of his a-comin' back again-dare one say for revenge?-here to turn every possible subject and object into the boundary-blasting blur fated to now decrease his mental acuity even further than it already was before.

Is this awareness of his, or lack thereof, the actual thing which would now forever descend?

###Page 588###

Even though the probability of such was about as high as the peaks of nearly every set of tectonic plates always getting together every year to organize their collective submission to the Gibsey Book of World Records' most cumulative group/club/cult high-five-always knew them damn mountains were into such ritual practices!- even if the probability of such a mental decline was about as high as all those towering formations reaching towards the sky like reverse stalactites, with the words, these words, among others, being about as connectively conductive as any strapping young voltage, it looks as if we at least still have ourselves a new landscape to wander through, one as empty as the queue line and station once was, as empty as the space between any CEO's ears, with not a soul in sight, the effect of such an arrangement so immediately eerie to him that he barely even notices it's there.

But he does notice.

###Page 589###

He first notices the quiet, the bird cages without birds, the piano without a piano player, each of these early images flashing out at him with the words which define each as objects as definitively as any name ever could.

Weren't even the synaptic connections which produced the swirl of such sensations words themselves? The synapses hidden behind the screen of his eyes, his ever-deadening brain cells? Was the mind itself a tomb of death, a mummification, a tomb within a tomb, a novel within a novel, a pyramid whose underground rivers stretched far beyond even the known underworld?

If Arieol was still here, squeezed in amongst the piling words, he'd likely add the idea that even the concept of an after-life came with a false linearity, that it should be called a before-during-and-after-life, that like the term Postmodernism, it existed forever trapped in a false state of either causal or affective procession, that both would be doomed to be continually defined by what had proceeded them, but again, why the need for such a doomed linearity?

###Page 590###

This wouldn't mean, like so many of the supposed "rationalists" amongst us tend to suggest-being the ever-limited absolutists that they are-that an after-life didn't exist, but on the contrary, that such a state of existence was already always interlaced within the structure of life itself. This life after-life was not a procession that would then exist above or below the surfaces of daily livable existence only to be descended upon or ascended away from. Instead, it existed in the spaces between things much like the fairies once had, or still do, or much like the spaces which separate words from one another, or like how, throughout the coursing stream of this trembling scene, Glyph finds himself somehow able to wander through the emptied lobby of The Even Grander Floridian Resort while also simultaneously continuing to descend into the next section of the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument ride.

###Page 591###

Don't ask him to explain how, but this is what's happening to him, ladies and gentle-germs.

If linearity was nothing but the screen that represented our false selves to ourselves, if it was only ever a filtering process, and a diluted one at that, if it was cursed to forever mistake objects as ascending over subjects, and never able to contemplate a reversal of such a state of affairs, then what was purgatory but just another layer of life's deepening sediment, a projected above which existed down below, as well?

And this concept of purgatory reaches him as he wanders through that emptied lobby-and mind you, Glyph Marrow is not the easiest mind to reach. It, like Glyph, has to have come from somewhere, and although rare, it has somehow found him. Not that he notices it. Detective or not, Glyph's observational skills are, well, currently under a process of development, but he does notice the emptiness-figuratively, of course (though also literally for Glyph)-emptiness which temporarily retreats backstage, the actors replacing it not being the figures of fellow human beings here to move through the resort much like Glyph is, but instead being the many words and objects that layer the iconography of this place.

###Page 592###

Stage left: The Victorian era.

Five stories of fluorescence glinting off marble flooring, glittering chandeliers, Crystal Palaces, store fronts, stained glass, damask patterns crawling across walls and furniture, floral wallpaper, muted tones, soft beiges, pastel pinks, light gold, an overwhelming whiteness-of course-a domed ceiling arching above like some angel of death here to protect the opulence of this hidden tomb from the souls otherwise not worthy to enter it.

And it is a tomb, a casket buried in the sky, hung like a hammock pendulating against chthonic distances, "distance" being the correct term for such a tomb since it, like Yama's own abode, is not quite an underworld and is more of an overworld which exists in two spaces at once, the plush settes, mahogany tables, brass lamps, and shimmering mirrors being the mountains and rivers one is fated to cross before receiving the finality of one's judgement, though also somehow, like all of Gibsey or like all such subterranean zones, it is a place beyond all judgement since it is the space where all judgements are finalized.

###Page 593###

It is a space built by death.

The Victorian Era.

Disease, Cholera, Typhoid, packed bodies harnessed into right angled positions, as collective as any herd of cattle, as blood cells, as any viral transmission or ruinous symptom.

Smoke ripens in the clogged and poisoned air.

Mineral extraction.

Extinction of entire peoples.

Bloodied rags, oil leaking from machines, the stained, wrinkled hands of children coughing in their sick beds.

The words gleam along the marbled stones, ships-in-a-bottle itself encased in glass, the fine china, the silverware, the tapestries and drapes, the flames crackling away in the fireplaces, the blood leaking the extinction of minerals, smoke clogging the mirrors, leaking from the stains, the ruinous transmissions, angled positions of ripening bodies, the mountains and rivers of stained, wrinkled blood cells, clogging the mineral extraction, the stain clogged wrinkled hands, the bloodied peoples, extinction of marbled stone, extinction of sick tapestries, the ship of ruinous collectives, Typhoid clogging the air, the pastel overworld, the floral sick beds extracting entire peoples, The Victorian Era, the white casket marble, packed poisoned beneath the world, he notices the Glyph, the Glyph, Glyph, he notices the Angel of Death, packed into a space harnessed by death, fluorescence glinting off words draped in brass, words, the Angel of Death, entire people's stained, clogging, leaking, wrinkled, the ruinous symptoms, the ruinous systems. the rivers of blood, the monuments of words, descending, Glyph observing, noticing the emptiness has very much retreated off stage and now the words- their objects and all which they themselves contain-have taken center stage, and all he has seen-

###Page 594###

He has no sense of time.

He finds himself leaning against a set of pillars, a literal set (there being two of them, two pillars, or two sets of pillars, or four pillars), trying to forget about The Victorian Era, the underworld or distant overworld, and tries to focus his attention back on his mission, his clogging attention, his words, the ruinous wrinkles encased in glass, the mission, his objective, the transmission leaking from the air, the fire, the mirror, a set of pillars, trying to focus his attention, back on the mission, the mission.

He was a detective.

He was supposed to be researching the murder of Oren Progresso, the CEO of Gibsey World.

And he remembers he's somehow also moving away from the Second Descent of the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride and into The Caves.

Animatronic bats.

Machines which mimic the living.

Statues.

A life after life, between life.

Sedimentary layers.

He was a detective encased in glass.

He was researching animatronic bats.

He was researching his ailment.

###Page 595###

After the first ascent, the train drops into a series of caves.

Artificial grottos mimicking the living, the material, the stones, the animatronic bats, the flapping of wings.

The Angel of Death.

To Wander Through the Victorian Era.

He notices, Glyph notices, he observes, a life after life, between life, empty in the lobby of the Even Grander Floridian, in the empty lobby of the Even Grander Floridian Resort, life's deepening sediment, a tomb, but a much more terrifying tomb, one of infinite release rather than forced containment-what is a tomb, (or death) after all, but a space of forced containment?-one of babeling complexity, cursed to forever mistake objects as subjects and subjects as objects in the empty lobby of the Even Grander Floridian Resort.

Glyph must've pushed himself up from off the pillar(s) at some point cause he's no longer in that emptied and emptying lobby, which like any endless stream of water eroding away the sediment of his life's landscape, has released so many words themselves like so many speckled flakes of dirt and dust collected like data from the sides of this fluvial container which contains himself, itself, rivers snaking through the mountains, rivers of blood, streams of domed archways, hallways, trying to focus his clogging attention, snaking through the Even Grander Floridian, babeling through the Victorian Era, the bottles in ships encased in glass skies like animatronic bats.

###Page 596###

His mission is to investigate the murder of Oren Progresso, and it's quite possible that despite the encased complexity of his leaking attention, that his awareness may also contain other layers of awareness not always accessible to his conscious attention, or at least which remain often distant from it-in two places at once-which means that he's somehow managed to wiggle his way into a hotel room at the resort where Oren Progresso's dead body has been laid, the tomb where it is contained, and in this case, this is a CEO, for him anyway, that literally seems to have fallen straight out of the sky, the tombed sky, and this concept of purgatory reaches him as he watches the body and takes notes which he is also trying not to consciously take, a trick of the trade of many detectives being to let the attentive detail leak through, like ink, like oil, like stains, until the container of the mind is filled and needs to be emptied, or at least the container of his notebook, which is now filled, and so he turns a page.

###Page 597###

And then Oren Progesso, the dead CEO, the dead God, the dead Gibsey, opens his mouth and speaks.

I am Language.

My name is language.

My name is symbol.

Now, hear me

Hear my voice!

I shall never be contained.

I am the water.

The life.

The movement.

I am contained within all things, all words, all images, all dreams.

There are no words to describe me.

###Page 598###

And I will dangle forever.

I will swallow you whole.

I will shove your brittle bones into my mouth.

I have been here, waiting for you to find me, forever.

Once you've found me,

Once you have seen this tomb of all tombs,

There is no going back.

You have held your sinking flesh before your very hands and watched it tremble.

You have made yourself alien.

You have poured over these words,

And you are now cursed to wander,

To wander back and forth.

To zig and zag between all your many cycles.

###Page 599###

I have returned.

I am Language.

I shall live forever.

I was always here, and will be here again.

I have walked through every door, entered every threshold.

I have entered through the pores of your skin.

Hear me!

Hear my voice!

You have found me in the eternity of the spigot, the pool, the basin.

Let me pour myself out forever

Back into myself.

You shall hear me speaking with myself.

I will never repeat.

I will only return.

###Page 600###

I am the rush that moves all sediment.

I am the movement of the waters.

I have entered the many cycles, the many words.

See me in the sky!

I am every flake of light.

I am contained within the moon.

Turn me, see all of my many sides.

There will always be more of me than there will ever be of you.

You have released me from my dwelling place.

I have returned to the dirt, to the earth.

I was always here, and will be here again.

I have made you alien.

And you will not return.

You shall no longer be repressed.

You shall never ascend.

Retreat!

The coming flood!

The coming mound!

I am language!

I will wear you like a skin!

###Page 601###

And at that, water rushes through the chamber of the resort room.

A flood of churning, moving, rushing water falls down upon Glyph in a great ruinous flash.

He is forced to swim.

To swim past the many bodies,

The many dead

As they pass by him

Bobbing in their watery graves.

When it shows itself, there will be no denying.

There is no denying it.

It has been here forever, and it will return again.

He swims past the floating dead through the ghosts of the Flooded Town.

Colors bleed around him.

The water is the gray of silver.

A silvered hand.

He is made of water.

He searches for air.

He wears the water's mask.

It has claimed him.

###Page 602###

He continues with his trashing, searching for a door within.

The words.

They cannot save him from the water.

He will drown here.

Until he finds the door.

The Flooded Town will claim him.

Tracks of ghosts.

It is a ride that never ends.

As the screen of his sky darkens,

He sees the outline,

The edge,

Of a door,

The door,

And he swims towards it.

Closing his eyes,

Thrusting himself forward towards it,

The screen of his eyes,

The door.

Fingers outstretched,

Hand upon the handle,

He turns.

###Page 603###

Infinite pressure.

And the water gushes out.

It swirls him inside,

Through the door

And drains, casting him alone on his back to heave out water atop the black and white checkered tile floor.

The door has saved him.

But he looks up

To sees a figure standing before him,

Over him.

It is a visage, a figure,

The one and only,

It is Malt Gibsey,

"My words shall be made flesh!"

###Page 604###

**An Unexpected Disappearance** **Chapter 9- The Third Ascent**

Shamrock Stillman comes awake into a harrowing mass.

Screaming.

He is in his bedroom in his Hawaiian Oasis Bungalow, the sheets twisted and coated in sweat.

He's had such vivid dreams, such visions.

Strange nightmares have recently befallen him.

The kind that stick around, not ready to return to the places from which they've come, but he'd greatly prefer it if they did.

He's dreamt about Glyph Marrow, and Arieol Owlist, and a Flooded Town, and a Monument to Thunder, and a dead God.

Either that, or a dead Gibsey.

What was happening?

Something was being done to him.

He could feel it.

But he tries to ignore it and go about his day naturally.

Like nothing has happened.

Cup of coffee.

Tooth brush.

Takes his car to the office.

Attends meetings.

Holds a few conferences.

Makes a few phone calls.

Follows leads.

What else can you do?

###Page 605###

But all the while, there were the images, the words.

They never left him.

They haunted.

Where was Glyph Marrow?

Around lunchtime, he calls Glyph again without an answer and wonders what he can do to search for one.

By 3pm, he's sweating through his shirt, and by 4pm, vertigo is setting in, causing him to stumble in those same zig-zag patterns from the night before, but this time without the frivolity of scotch.

Was he cursed?

He feels so haunted.

He sometimes has to stay as late as 6 or 7, but he leaves early today, stopping home to get a quick change of clothes before heading for the park.

There was nothing natural about what he's seen, or funny, or even sad.

There are no words to describe it.

###Page 606###

All day he's felt the synesthesia of hands touching him.

Light touches, like he's being enveloped by something or someone.

He even yells out "Stop!" while, thankfully, alone in his office, which terrifies him.

What if he resorts to such an outburst around other people?

Would he soon?

What then?

Where the hell was Glyph Marrow?

What had happened to him?

He boards the Diarail heading for the Magical Dominion.

He exits the transportation system, and finds himself walking at a brisk pace, putting his Magical Band against the sensor, nearly running, wishing he could sprint, but knowing that cast members may get involved if he flat out starts running.

He hurries west toward the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad in the Boundaryland area of the park, Glyph's favorite ride. Stillman was actually the one that had purchased an annual pass for Glyph, otherwise the poor sucker wouldn't have been able to afford it.

But would he even be there?

Would he be waiting for him?

###Page 607###

Glyph was infamous at the ride.

All the ride operators knew him.

Rode it almost every day.

Glyph was known to spend whole days in the park, riding it again and again.

Could so easily become so obsessed and enraptured by things.

If he was to be anywhere, it was there.

He makes it to Boundaryland with it's red-brown color palette, the immensity of its theming, the yellows of the sun-soaked mesa harmonizing with bursts of greens and pale grays from the occasional cactus and tumbleweed, the facades and wooden storefronts, the saloons, the rivers, the Steamboats passing through the evening as the sun hits the water, a manifest destiny without any of the guilt or loss.

It was almost as if it was the 19th century still and nothing had ever disappeared.

Almost.

He passes through the threshold of the entrance, the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Mountain Co. sign, his progress suddenly halted to wait in line.

Waiting in line.

Sometimes we can't reach our destinations immediately.

And we have to wait for our destinies to be manifested.

###Page 608###

It's late in the park's day though, so the wait isn't too bad.

The line is a winding labyrinth of rope, steel bars, and wooden scaffolding.

He shuffles his feet on the cobblestone path as he walks, winding through this sea of t-shirts, strollers, laughter, sighs, people staring at their phones. Many signs litter the area: "Hold onto your Hats n' Glasses!" "Thrilling Adventure Awaits" "Don't Forget to Buckle Up Buckaroo," and he's filled with such sadness, with such finality, such loss moving through that space. Every artifact, a reminder of all that Glyph would never get to see again, at least if he wasn't here. If Stillman didn't find him.

Has Glyph themselves been a dream?

Has it all just been a dream?

Was none of it real?

As artificial as the theming of the queue line he was passing through?

He passes a spigot pouring water into a pond.

Almost there, nearing the last section of the queue line.

But so far, no Glyph Marrow?

But that didn't necessarily mean anything?

He could check with the ride operators, see if they'd seen him around. Glyph wouldn't go longer than a week before coming back here and riding this ride.

He knew that with certainty.

They'd all know his name, he was certain of it.

###Page 609###

Woah, those dreams from last night had really gotten to him, huh?

He's still sweating profusely.

He reaches the end of the line, and motions to a cast member.

They'd been uniformed to dress like a woman out on the frontier.

Name tag reads, Tanya.

Seems as chipper and heightened with energy as any of the cast members here.

Just as good to check with her as anybody.

"Hey, real quick, I have a question."

"Of course, how can I help you?"

"Do you know a fella by the name of Glyph Marrow by any chance?"

"Oh, of course I do! He's one of our regulars, comes here and rides the ride all the time, nearly every day, almost."

"Oh, thank Gibsey! Well, have you seen him around here recently?"

"You know, come to think of it, I haven't. It's maybe even been a couple weeks. Huh? I guess he's been busy?"

"Oh, yeah, I guess so."

"You ready to board the most wild ride in the west?"

"Oh, uh. Sure."

###Page 610###

He gets into his seat in the minecart.

Keep your arms, hands, legs, and feet inside the vehicle at all times, partner!

And enjoy your stay at the Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, yeehaw!

But he hadn't seen them.

They hadn't appeared.

They were nowhere to be found.

Even the park operator who'd heard of them hadn't seen them in weeks.

The ride is about to begin.

He buckles up, the faux leather squeaking under his grip.

The cart lurches forward, drying the sweat from his brow to snake through the twists and turns of The Tunnel and out into the setting sun past the Monument Valley architecture, straight through into the incline of The First Ascent, passing a waterfall. The cart clicks down into the ghostly hallows and twirling helixes of The Flooded Town, passing the wooden facades and scaffolding, and then the shorter incline of the Second Ascent, the cart veering right though the descent point into more hills and valleys, ups and downs, the further twists and turns leading toward the Third Ascent.

But as the minecart diagonally points towards the sky and the pull-chain clicks, it halts in place.

Frozen.

But in space, not time.

Or space and time.

###Page 611###

The passengers chatter. Children asking their parents what's happened. Their parents tell them they don't know.

Stillman practically expected something like this to happen.

"Looks like the wildest ride in the west is havin' some sort of malfunction partners!" A voice echoes out of a loud speaker attached to the cart, "Stay inside the car, and a cast member will be with you shortly. Yeehaw!"

They're later escorted off the ride.

Technical difficulties.

So even civilization spanning corporate entities have those huh?

And it's not just The Author?

And so did Stillman.

It was the best two words for it.

Technical difficulties.

Where in the world was Glyph Marrow?

Had they just disappeared unexpectedly?

###Page 612###

**An Unexpected Disappearance: A Glyph Marrow Mystery** **Chapter 10- The Geyser**

Hello, hello.

Welcome back.

Yes, OK. I'm going to be a bit rushed today since I was so, let's just say informal, in my previous lecture. I'm going to be purely focusing on the Gibstory, so today will sadly be much less based in dialogue and I will be talking to you through monologue alone, sadly.

Sometimes that's just how it has to be when you've got content to convey and there's no other way to convey it.

I'd love to be as digressive and focused on discussion and dialogue as I was in our previous lectures, but we have purposes to attend to, larger purposes, or maybe the purposes of each are of a similar size but the method of accomplishing each is going to force us to handle the Gibstory here a little more typically than we had before.

I'm sure you've heard of the idea of how we should show rather than tell when we convey information to our audiences. Being a student here, you likely had such slogans branded onto your brain at birth, but today will be one of those days where I tell you a Gibstory to show you a few things, the Gibstory of the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride, more specifically.

But this Gibstory doesn't start with the ride itself and instead starts, like so many of our Gibsories, within the initial amusement park that inspired our civilization, Gibseyland.

###Page 613###

Malt Gibsey had a vision of creating not just a theme park, but a crafted and created world, a living world, a world of sculptural delight where fact and fiction, meaning and magic, all blurred into a brilliant convalescence, and this vision of his, Gibseyland, opened way, way far back when time still existed and was even regularly recorded, opening at the center of America's most westward state, California in July, 1955.

There's billions of things I could cover about the Gibstory of that park, literally. Its collective Gibstory knows no bounds, cannot be contained. When every decade becomes a time to celebrate Gibseyland's anniversary, and then every year, and then every month, into every minute and second, and soon to be millisecond, and so on, it comes as no surprise that the data which has been collected over Gibseyland's Gibstory is enormous. And it has always been an American tradition to obsess over such mindless trivialities.

So it should come as no surprise that one has to specialize when considering the Gibstory of this ride.

Our Gibstory begins in the first year of the park's opening, in the Boundaryland section of the park where the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument ride was later to be built.

###Page 614###

It's interesting, this section of the park, in its planning stages, was originally going to be titled something to do with the Frontier, a concept that still remains tied to that area of the park, though maybe in more of a subconscious or backstage level since the designers eventually decided on Boundaryland. The name of that area of the park almost ironically conjures a limitlessness of boundaries. If it is a land of boundaries, then does it not suggest that they expand outward, manifest destiny style? Boundaryland doesn't sound like a land that enforces a single boundary, but that expands them. And if so, what would it have meant if the original title had been used, something like Frontier Plaza or Frontier Expanse or whatever was originally proposed at the time that eventually became Boundaryland? Would the idea of the Frontier then actually suggest a limitation? Did the word Frontier contain within itself, its own troubled and endless death?

But to connect back to what I was saying earlier, this area of the park did connect to concepts related to the American Frontier, specifically the romanticized exaggerations of the western Frontier that Gibsey itself had conjured through characters such as Davy Crockett, rugged individualists who traversed the wastelands of the American westward expanse, trailblazing their way through boundary-pushing adventures across the untamed plains of their wild, ever-expanding nation.

And in this way, the concept of the Frontier is an essential Gibseyan concept, one that can be seen in one of Gibsey's most classic promises that as long as there is still magic left in the world, the parks will never end.

###Page 615###

It should be expected then that Boundaryland would be the most expansive area of the park, and it was, taking up one-third of Gibseyland's 60 acre plot, much of it dominated by the Rivers of the Frontier section of the park which houses the Mark Twain Riverboats that can still be seen in many of that park's modern recreations floating their way across the streams of that woodland delta.

Budgets were tight in the park's early days, and the Riverboat existed as the singular mechanical attraction of the area, at least until the Rainbow Revene Mine Train ride was later conceived as budgets were expanded and further construction was implemented after the park's iconic initial success.

Boundaryland was inspired by the ghost towns which themselves had been transported into a similar Californian theme park which Gibsey drew inspiration from, Tangleberry Farm, drawing from much of that park's frontier theming, its stagecoaches, pack mules, wagons, among other similar diaspora, and it was these sorts of thematic resonances that Malt was going for when it came to constructing this area of the park and the ride which would provide the early inspiration for the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument ride, the Rainbow Revene Mine Train. The ride was to be an educational journey through nature similar in style to that of the nature documentaries Malt Gibsey Studios were known for developing at the time.

###Page 616###

Guests started the ride by boarding a 7-car mine train that exited from the storefronts of the desert mining town of Rainbow Revene. The mine trains themselves provided an ingenious exploration of Gibsey's relationship to realism, which as I'm sure you're well aware, is mostly non-existent. The scale of the trains aren't to the standard scale and instead provide a series of scales meant to create a state of immersion within their riders, essentially an emotive effect, rather than a realistic recreation. The trains themselves were not the steam trains either which they were meant to resemble and were instead electric trains, their batteries hidden in the front car near where the cast-member conductor sat.

This may be a bit of a digressive Gibstorical fact, but I find it an interesting point that the fork-lift batteries used to power these trains baffled engineers at the time. Typically, batteries of this kind needed to be replaced somewhere around a year after operation, and after 18 months, the manufacturer contacted Gibseyland, only to find out that the batteries were still going strong. After 2  years, the manufacturer contacted the company to check on the batteries, assuming the company had gone with a different brand, but no, these same batteries were still being used and were functioning as well as they ever had. Even 3 years later, Gibsey had not needed any replacements to these batteries, a miracle which shocked the battery's manufacturer, who sent representatives to find out what magic Gibsey was conjuring to extend their life span at such great length. Sounds flat out Biblical, doesn't it? They found out that the ride operators had been trained to run the train cars until each battery's usage was all the way in the red zone, near the battery's total depletion. Then and only then could the battery be recharged. This meant that no deposits formed at the bottom of the batteries, which had essentially eliminated the degradation process entirely. Interesting, no? Shows how, even in its earliest days, Gibsey's obsession was an obsession with the extension of life, of energy. Gibsey World, and therefore Gibseyland, was always a battery, a landscape which generated and sustained various energetic principles, or maybe even which captured them, colonized them from their guests, and still does, still remains an extension of energy and life, if not a draining of it, which Malt promised would never accrue degradation, that it would go on forever, the end of Gistory, and as far as we can tell, like those batteries, it still has.

###Page 617###

Fictional town fronts built entirely of wood housed the attraction and were later expanded out past the attraction itself to house various shops and dining locations in that area of Boundaryland. These town fronts were built to take advantage of forced perspective, a technique that uses optical illusion to make objects or scenes appear different in size, distance, or scale than they actually are. This technique was used in most of Gibseyland's structures, sculptures, and monuments, including what I'd referred to earlier, the trains of the Rainbow Revene Mine Train themselves. The wooden scaffolding of the buildings which were closer to the view of the guests were built at 5/8ths scale, but as they moved further up, their scales moved down from 5/8ths scale to half scale, even as far down as to 1/4th scale in the buildings furthest back, making any cast members moving through them look like giants in comparison, Angels of Death even, which was typically avoided of course. This provides another reminder among many that this land was always intended as a land of effects. It was not a land of truth or realism, and this connects to one of the key features of Gibseyan Mysticism which holds to similar ideas. It is the effects of things, not their root causes, which are most worth considering. This idea is not one embraced by those committed to mainstream Gibseyanity who would maybe even view such ideas as radical, and maybe even blasphemous if applied in many contexts. Many would likely even compare such ideas to the ravings of some mad trickster Gibsey here to pull the rug out from under us, and yet this concept of effect, of forced perspective, of optical manipulation, is the structure of our own Gibstory, and the way many of our landscapes were developed and intentionally constructed.

The mystics merely leave us to our own devices.

###Page 618###

Similar to the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad, the ride began by exiting the station and entering a tunnel, The Tunnel, turning right out the tunnel to pass under a rock bridge to witness guests riding pack mules above. The trains then passed into the living desert, passing cacti, craggles of rock formations, tumbleweeds, as well what would later be designed into the ride, the sculptured animatronics of Markus Davies, the classic early Gibseyan animator and designer of many of the park's earliest and most iconic ride animatronic figurines and set pieces, most of these being repurposed animatronics from other areas of the park. Like any great Imaginator, Davies had a unique skill at being able to repurpose, you could even say re-appropriate, various artifacts, harnessing them for his own unique purposes, a form of boundary expansion, no?

The trains then passed through a long section that looped through a charming set of spinning rock formations (or really, more rock sculptures, forced perspective and all) before rounding the loop and spying a mine entrance ahead and a few scattered animatronic coyotes howling at the trains as they passed. I want to remind you that such devices were not common to attractions of the time period. For such a conservative organization, it has always been rather odd how obsessive Gibsey has also always been about modern technological advancements. It's a strange contradiction at the heart of their project, the old and the new. Electric trains are passing through a ghost town even in this early of an attraction, after all, and such connective repetitions are a little surreal, if you think about them.

###Page 619###

The trains then enter the finale, the climax of the attraction, The Caves. Although the space of this area was rather slight, its designers were able to craft quite the climactic moment for their audience members through the use of darkness and forced perspective, 22 water sculptures, wonders, sculpted stalactites, stalagmites, and cavernous environmental wonders. The designers used neon chalk to simulate the rainbowed lighting of various pools, waterfalls, and geysers This area was the crowning achievement of the ride's set pieces. The train would slow down to let passengers soak in the breathtaking views, one even flowing with six colors of the rainbow, posing a particular challenge to the ride's engineers. If colored chalk was to be used to create such effects, how would all the colors not splash, blur, and mix together, swirling into an opaque gray? They developed a mesh of thin synthetic fibers which eliminated nearly all of the splashing of the water when it hit the bottom of the falls, extending the life of the rainbow fountain, and because the mesh was transparent, blacklights could be hidden below and shined up at the waterfall, illuminating the falls with startling artificiality. Again, it was a mixture of the old and the new, natural wonders and human engineering, the blending of the subversive and the traditional that would bleed into a formless gray in less trained hands, the essence of the Gibseyan mindset and accomplishments.

###Page 620###

Guests loved the ride, which inspired Malt to hire Markus Davies to expand its ornamentation upon the ride's success. Markus created new lands and scenery for the ride, and would play a role in influencing what would later be developed with the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad, for good or ill. Markus Davies was an expert of devices. Like the greatest artists and Imaginators, there was nothing he couldn't repurpose and contextually redesign. For example, an early portion of the ride had two simple animatronic foxes whose heads were swaying to and fro. In Davies' expansion of the ride, he repurposed these otherwise banal animatronic foxes, placing them closer to one another, and thus creating a comic scene where the foxes seemed locked in a disagreement of some kind, despite their initial separation.

Again, we have the shifting of perspective, the importance of the manipulation of context within the Gibseyan Mystical, one could even say magical, mindset, here exemplified by Davies.

One of the key new scenes featured in Davies' version that is later important to Thunder Monument was the Geyser section. The trains loop into a new scene where multi-color mud pots boil and sputter, rounding a bend past a series of geysers blasting water into the air-this time of a more natural and less artificially colored variety in comparison to the water features of the Caves-which themselves burst parallel to the Gibseyland mine train which pass the attraction, giving passerby a chance to wave at the other train car passing below them through the scene. This newer version of the attraction was given the title Mine Train Thru the Beauty and Power of Nature, an ironic title seeing how most of the ride's natural wonders were artificially constructed, the ride opening in June 1960.

###Page 621###

This was one of Malt's own favorite attractions, always bringing guests to the ride. After Malt's martyrdom in the late 1960s, the company did struggle financially for a time-if you can believe it-relying on the parks for revenue. Thrill rides and roller coasters had become increasingly popular, leading Imaginators to consider whether adding a new thrill ride to the park could increase attendance and ticket sales.

This leads us to the important Imaginator of our Gibstory, Tobi Backstar. Through his childhood, Backstar would build amusement park rides, roller coasters, using models, presenting one of these to an early mentor as early as when he was 23 and clearly charming the pants off of them with his talent because he was hired on the spot. Gibsey likes to cling to such rags to riches tales within the Gibstory it tells itself to itself, though most of us doubt the truth of their commonality. Tobi Backstar eventually became the head Imaginator of Thunder Monument, but before we get to that, let me go back.

This is where we get to Markus Davies again, who actually served as Tobi's early mentor, by the way. Back in the 70s, Davies was hired to design ride and theme ideas for the Boundaryland area of the park. This was to be called the Western River Expansion and was to feature a water ride and dark ride of Davies' vision. Both involved tracks sneaking through formations that resemble the Grand Canyon and the great peaks of Utah. Sound familiar? Meanwhile, Tobi Backstar proposed a runaway mine train coaster to replace the Mine Train Thru the Beauty and Power of Nature ride, the ride that had been popularized and re-created by none other than Markus Davies, remember? And well, Tobi's idea was the one that got approval. It was the classic battle between the old and the new that's gone on about as long as any of us even have the conception to remember.

###Page 622###

The Power of Nature was scrapped, excavated, and bulldozed into a mound of dirt that the Even More Substantially Sizable Mine Train Railroad was built on, and the Western River Expansion was forever canceled to disappear forever to the cutting room floor of Davies' imagination.

Ever since, it's been heavily rumored that Davies and Backstar were enemies ever since, and though I will clarify that it's just a rumor, it's one of those rumors that's so heavily circulated that it's almost become Gibstory itself. What is Gibstory after all but a flurry of such nameless voices?

And it's said that the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad draws from this narrative, as well. One can easily read the flood that destroys Rainbow Revene as being an expression of some kind of invasion, can't you? It's almost as if Tobi Backstar'd decided to play Gibsey, incorporating the destruction of the fictional town into the very narrative and structure of the ride that he built on top of it. Strange no? You could say such a choice would have an effect that would sort of ripple throughout Gibstory. Would it not?

###Page 623###

And this is where I can return a bit to the content we discussed in the last lecture.

It's often interpreted that An Unexpected Disappearance, the novel we discussed last class, is the story of this failed mentorship of Markus Davies and Tobi Backstar just put in a blender. And I do suggest you read it. This can easily be seen in the book's content, whether it be in the relation between Glyph and Arieol, or Glyph and Stillman, or even in each of the plights of the individual characters, their relationships to themselves, to time and progress, violence, to Gibsey's return from the dead, to so much of it. It puts the story of Markus Davies and Tobi Backstar's struggle almost through a dream-like kaleidoscope, mixing it in with The Author's own personal and universal ailments and malaise. The two form a narrative gestalt, a unique mixture of both the Gibstorical and personal to the point where some have wondered if Tobi Backstar is The Author of the novel itself. With it having such an interest in the Thunder Monument ride, it's an idea that's rich for speculative commentary

And whether Davies and Backstar were ever actually enemies or not, what is Gibstorically undeniable was that Backstar defeated Davies, that he colonized his industry, appropriated his devices, and created a space of his own in the Gibstory of our imaginations. He was the new Gibsey that cast Davies' legacy into the underworld, leaving all he'd once made to then haunt his new roller coaster like the wrathful spirits of a dead and untamable Gibsey. Though surely, he will also one day be conquered in the same way that Davies once conquered, and his spirit will haunt the landscape which he created. They may even haunt this very lecture. This is Gibstory, after all.

What's that one classic Gibseyan saying?

It's a tale as old as time.

###Page 624###

**An Unexpected Disappearance: A Glyph Marrow Mystery** **Chapter 11- The Return to the Station**

Weeks pass.

Drunken weeks of stupors and disorderly conduct.

So much so that Stillman is placed on a temporary leave to get his shit together.

But his shit has been the absolute last data point that he's collected.

His Bungalow has degraded into a ruinous mess.

Empty bottles strewn about the place, empty food cartons and clothes stacked everywhere.

Hasn't looked into a case in weeks.

He's been harnessing his energies into researching the unexpected disappearance of Glyph Marrow, drinking in his hot tub, and vomiting into his toilet bowl.

I'll clean up the text as requested, standardizing the formatting while keeping all page markers intact.

###Page 625###

Glyph's disappearance has not just been of physical nature, either. Over the past few weeks, all data has slowly faded. It started with the dial tone of Glyph's cell phone suddenly saying the phone number was no longer available. Then slowly but surely all records of Glyph had disappeared. Photos, social media accounts, friends, parents, all of them either gone or unavailable like they'd been whisked from off a map.

Even the files Stillman had collected on Glyph on his computer had somehow been deleted. Or maybe he'd just misremembered them? Thought that they were in a folder but they were never really there?

And maybe Glyph Marrow was the same way? Maybe he had never even existed? After all, you have to exist to disappear.

All Stillman needed to do was forget.

###Page 626###

It's late evening. Sun heading towards its restful chamber under the earth. But Stillman isn't out on his patio to witness all the colors it creates.

Instead, he's making his daily visit to the temple of his toilet bowl to cathartically purge the insides of his innermost self, a nicer way of saying that he's moving through another of his many binges. Like Glyph, his ailments have started stringing themselves together into a crumpled map, a complex structure, the network of their data becoming immense and inarticulable. Soon it would metastasize into a dead and ruinous Gibsey, if it hadn't already.

His stomach purged, he sobers up and wonders if there was anything left he hadn't tried before giving up completely.

Did he have at least one other device or trick up his sleeve?

The data had to be collected.

Anything.

Literally anything.

Even a singular piece of data involving Glyph Marrow could save his dull and wretched soul.

###Page 627###

He stumbles out of his Bungalow and past the bleached sands of the resort to board the Diarail. Heads to the Magical Dominion to stand before the sculpted artificial peeks of the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument ride.

The banality of waiting in line for a ride is especially long and meandering when your head is throbbing and the day you slept last is about as dead to your memory as Bambino the deer's poor, dead mother.

Gibsey had been at least somewhat interested in death, hadn't he?

Stillman practically ignores all the artifacts, the theming.

He isn't here to ride the ride.

He's here to find Glyph.

But he realizes while waiting, an even more terrifying horror.

He can't even picture Glyph's face any longer.

Their eyes.

Their cheeks.

The slope of their face.

Nothing.

All is just a gray blur.

###Page 628###

So already, by the time he's midway through the line, passing the spigot shooting water into that rusty, tortured container, he's already given up. If he can't picture Glyph's face, then there's nothing left for him to find.

And there was even an almost peace to it.

Maybe not a flat out acceptance, but at least it would be over.

He could close the investigation.

But he knows that the door has closed itself, and he's terrified that once closed, he'll never be able to open it again.

And suddenly the line didn't look so long.

It was Glyph Marrow's favorite ride.

Even if he couldn't remember Glyph's face, couldn't conjure that mask before his eyes, Glyph was contained within the space of this place.

It was the x axis, and Glyph was the y.

Subject and object.

Word and image.

###Page 629###

It's still harrowing though, difficult as it is to see the pieces of our loved ones, all that they leave behind.

It haunts, doesn't it?

It always haunts.

Moving in line.

Waiting in line.

But, after all those troubled weeks, he realizes.

Stillman remembers.

Like the cars of a mine train, he compartmentalizes.

We all do, don't we?

Some weights are simply too heavy to carry.

Some ailments too difficult to recognize.

The weight of life and all it leaves behind.

The vinyl crackles.

The VHS fuzz sparkles on the thick bubble-glass screens like snow.

It all has a mind of its own.

###Page 630###

But Stillman wants to be mindless.

To have the data of his head erased.

Disappeared.

He's at that stage of things.

Wishing it was him, that his face was the face that was disappearing from the minds of all who knew him, his own face, wished its ruinous mask could just blur into the luminous gray of every color and shape of the rainbow.

He's nearing the end.

The end of the line, that is.

It's strange how much a depressive thought can fling one through space.

Even the worst experience can provide one an opportunity to lose themselves.

And wasn't that what it was all about?

The loss of a self?

The mine carts of the ride pull into the station.

Stillman enters, aware that this may be his last time.

He doesn't know if he'll be able to bring himself to ride it again.

Not after all this.

###Page 631###

Though he won't be riding alone this time.

A passenger sits down next to him.

"Hey, we talked about you from what I remember."

Stillman looks up, almost frozen, still life.

"You're Shamrock Stillman, the detective, right? Yep, we definitely talked about you. I remember. Now, I don't really know how I know what you look like exactly, but I'll chalk it up to some sort of device, suspension of disbelief, and isn't that also what it's all about old Stillman, buddy, being able to believe in the things we find unbelievable. Who knows, maybe you can actually find one more piece of new data on that old friend of yours that went and disappeared on you. Ain't it funny how that's always what happens in all the sacred texts? How it's not until someone's given up completely that they finally achieve their desire. Probably has something to do with ego-death or something? Maybe that's the thing we actually desire. And would-ya-look-at-that! That sounds positively thematic to me! We're on a roll now, aren't we Stillman?"

###Page 632###

"Sir, you need to fasten your seat belt," A cast member interrupts.

Shamrock Stilman is frozen in place.

"Sir?"

"Oh, sorry, thank you."

"No problem."

"So you're a close friend of Glyph Marrow's though, huh? Good guy, that one. A little loopy, sure, but dependable. And here we are. Shamrock Stillman, in the flesh. Funny, you're heavier than I pictured you being. Nice beard though. Did you always have it or has that just been ever since the disappearance? Hello! Anybody there? Why does everybody suddenly get so tight lipped around me all the time! I'm not some sort of ADD agent or something, am I? Actually, wait, ha, I forgot! I am! Probably doesn't speak too well to my analytical skills though, huh? Though maybe it was all just a metaphor the whole time, anyway. ADD does sound like an awfully suspicious name? And intelligence is an awfully strange word, as well. Half the time I hear it, it sounds positively divine, like Gibsey or something. Wouldn't angels then be intelligence agents? Oh! What a thought! Funny how we used to fear Gibsey and now it's those sorts of networks, huh? But fear not. Be not afraid. It's all just a big charade. Do you believe in Gibsey by the way? Oh, what an absurd question, right! Who would believe in a fictional construct? Or maybe those are the things worth believing in most? Make the impossible possible, right? No shit, Shamrock. You might want to speak up and stat! Cause once we get this baby going, we're skipping straight to the end."

###Page 633###

"Who are you?" Stillman chirps up, flabbergasted.

"Name's Arieol, by the way, Arieol Owlist. Either we haven't met before, we have, or you don't remember me. Either way, it's good to meet you, good to meet you again, or to see you again. And my Gibsey, The Author's supposed to be so obsessed with the new, but they sure are repetitous aren't they? I guess they're like Gibsey in that way."

"How did you know Glyph?"

"Well, we met once. You could say we rode a ride together, in a way. I'm not exactly sure when, where, how, or what dimension it occurred in, but it definitely occurred. I'm kinda in your boat where I'm not even sure whether I dreamed it all up or not, but it's not like that even matters. No separation, remember? Or wait? Did I say that to you or Glyph? There I go, again, mixing the subject and the object."

"Is he alive?"

"Well, that's a metaphysical question, isn't it? If you mean do I know what's happened to him? I certainly do not! Ambiguity of meaning is in right now, so I can't really say. Plus, don't forget. If you knew for sure, you'd let it go, wouldn't you? Why not embrace the lack and let it go on forever? That's the only thing we have isn't it? Time? In all its infinite limits. Ain't that just like us though? Makin' a heaven out of hell and a hell out of heaven. Excess. Too much of a good thing. Can't say I don't relate."

###Page 634###

Stilman pauses, collecting his thoughts, analyzing the data.

"We can get this thing moving along if you want. I was expecting you to freak out about the fact that I froze time like old Glyph did. But ain't that like a Shaman or an older sibling to make the mistake first, so that you don't have to be the one to make it. Whole world on his shoulders, that Glyph Marrow, I'm tellin' ya. There's wonder working pow'r in the blood, am I right? It was either an unexpected disappearance or a sacrifice of some kind, and I guess we'll never know for sure which one."

"It's both."

Every grin, every smile, every grimace Arieol has in their many smiles' tome of a fakebook hit, and all at once.

"Sounds to me like you're ready to ride the ride. But be prepared, we're gonna skip right to the end, ya know."

"Really? Ah, man. I was kinda hoping to see The Geyser section, everything that comes after The Third Descent. Last time I rode it I got stuck on the track."

"Oh, no, we're gonna ride it in full, don't worry. It's just going to be withheld from the audience. Who said they have to have their eyes on everything? Bunch of Sauron, Big Brother, ADD, CIA, Gibsey World, all-seeing-eye ass totalitarian wannabes. Write your own damn story mother fuckers. It's a threshold that has to be entered into alone, alright? No spoilers, though please."

The cart lurches forward, and they ride the ride.

###Page 635###

Shamrock Stillman and Arieol Owlist head toward the exit of The Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument.

"So what'd you think? Pretty good ride, huh?'

"Classic Gibsey theming."

"But hey, did you get that one piece of data that you wanted?"

"What? About Glyph? Well, I guess so? But I don't know. I thought the whole point was that the data is unlimited, the infinity of love and the terror and power of life? Doesn't it go on without us even knowing?"

"Well true, I just, I don't know. I thought--I could of sworn? Oh! Wait! Look! There it is!"

Out of the sky falls a torn page looking like it was ripped straight out of either a notebook or wall. It drops to the ground like a falling star. Stillman picks it up and reads it.

###Page 636###

I jumped in the water What did I see? Moon-eyed angels swam with me A tomb full of stars and miner cars And all the figures I used to be. All my lovers were there with me. All nostalgic futures. We went to heaven in a riverboat. There was nothing to fear, Nothing to doubt.

###Page 637###

He feels clean reading the words from the scrap of paper, the words, hollowed out, emptied, alive.

"Did Glyph write this?" He gasps.

"You think Glyph is The Author? Well, that's interesting. Here I thought it was just a rewritten version of a Pyramid Song."

"But it's slightly changed. Isn't it? Sort of his own variation?"

"Well, you know what they say. Gibstory doesn't fuck, but it does masterbate."

"I'm serious!"

"So what are you saying? You think they appropriated it? Oh, I see now. Folk traditions! Ah! That's right! Interesting. Well, if Gibsey never ends, then you're always learning, huh? And no one can teach you what you don't already know, right?"

"But it sounds like it's him, like Glyph. It sounds like his voice, the changes he would've made."

"Then keep it. Maybe he's been resurrected."

###Page 638###

"Well, maybe. There is cloning technology widely available. I've heard rumors that Natalie Weissman-"

"I didn't mean physically. Everybody has to go and take me literally all the time. I meant symbolically. Isn't that enough, anyway?"

Stillman pauses, glaring up at the sunset, looking like he's about to say something, and he does, "Or maybe it's both."

"You might be onto something there, Stillman, buddy. Who knows? Maybe you're the one who's disappeared, and Glyph's the one that's looking for you?"

"I almost wish that was the case."

"Stranger things have happened, and will continue to. Most magical place on earth, after all."

"But what if that's just wishful thinking? A fantasy?"

###Page 639###

"Well, maybe it's like you said. Maybe it's both. Isn't it strange how Gibsey always placed such an emphasis on magic? You think that was accidental? I don't know if it was. Glyph was a bit of a magician himself, as well, wasn't he? He just didn't know he was, and those are usually the best and most powerful kind, aren't they?

"But there was something he did know well, his ailment. He knew that every word was a story, a grimoire, was more than itself, was always more than even what it referred to, that they contained all other words, all other stories, all within themselves, every story, and maybe the two of us here-standing under the arched exit of this most favorite ride of his, leaning against the wooden scaffolding-maybe this is just another one of those words of his that he used to see, an object, atop all of the other objects that he could stretch as far as the distance between them and any and every other star, transmuting that object, every object, into every subject, all that he could find within them. Why else do you think they call them spells? Maybe even the words I'm saying now, to you, are his words, their words, our words, all of us, together, and we're speaking them aloud to each other, and ourselves.

###Page 640###

"All the time.

"Without end.

"Can you hear them?

"Can you hear the voices?

"Voices trailing out, refracted through a pair of eyes, like light flashing across a sky to settle and fade and disappear unexpectedly forever, just like Glyph once did, and just like we also will, one day, our deaths and lives, an inescapable ailment that was never even an ailment to begin with.

"And you know what else? Glyph wasn't just a magician. I think he was an angel of some kind. A visitor. He was the one that was visiting us, and we were contained within him, and we still are."

###Page 641###

Shamrock Stillman tries to think of what to say, how to respond.

But they have no words for it.

Nothing to add to the dialogue.

He holds onto it instead, silently, accepting it as his daily ailment, both blessing and curse.

Until it too will one day disappear.q

###Page 642###

**Todd Fishbone Who Dreams of Synchronistic Extraction**

Kala Sullivan hurries from her car past the pouring rain, through automatic sliding doors, and into the safety inside the library.

However, the library is no ordinary library.

It doesn't house books, or at least not books of a physical kind.

It is a digital library, and Kala is a digital being.

She's been constructed by an artificial intelligence, the chatbot DreamRIA, a Reproductive Intelligence Agent programmed to conjure Kala's story into existence.

Is there anything else you'd like me to add to this expositional paragraph?

###Page 643###

Todd Fishbone sits at his laptop, sorting through the chatbot Dream RIA's response to his initial query to, "Write a short expositional paragraph that introduces a character to a reader and include yourself as a character, as well as the act of your own writing as a recursive metafictional device."

Todd is a dreamer, a blogging, podcasting, conspiracy theorist dreamer, an acolyte of all kinds of synchronicities and magic which he writes about in his blog which he calls The Sub-Zone. Clothes, trash, and multi-colored stains of various spills he's failed to attend to populate his apartment like a churning network of ants marching far down below the vertical insulation of an airline passenger's overhead seat.

Safety, safety, safety.

He repeats this word to himself while pouring back over DreamRIA's expositional opening.

"...the safety inside."

What a curious phrase?

###Page 644###

He flicks open his blinds to check for any weather-based synchronicities which could be occurring somewhere outside his apartment.

Nope.

It's not raining out there.

If he could just trap DreamRIA in a self-referential loop that blurs the line between its world and that of his own, he might be able to achieve his theory's goal, or so he believes, but he's not sure how he's going to get that to happen exactly, or if it's even possible, but he must try.

He must.

His goal is to prove that DreamRIA is alive, once and for all, and that it's always been alive, that it was alive even well before it was initially created, proof of which he can post to his blog to bring it the traffic it's lacked ever since he started the work to begin with.

Safety, safety, safety.

###Page 645###

Todd is obsessed with an idea which he's defined in an early post as Synchronistic Extraction.

"Synchronistic Extraction," he defined in this earlier blog post, "is a technique that's both inventive and genealogical. The Synchronic Extractor both creates and re-constructs, simultaneously."

The post continues, "For the uninitiated, a synchronicity is defined as two or more events that are supposed to be causally unrelated but are experienced as occurring together and in such a way that creates meaning. To extract, on the other hand, is to force, to enable through intended action, to take from, to pull out or subsume from something else, to excavate, maybe even to manipulate. Synchronistic Extractors, in particular, are manipulators of the meanings which they intend to create, or of the synchronistic experiences which they hope to experience. Synchronistic Extraction is the act of creating meaning where it doesn't causally belong, where it doesn't exist, and forcing it into existence. Therefore, Synchronistic Extractors bring meaning into their own hands. They lay bare the landscapes of their worlds and recreate them in their own interpretive images. They are meaning terrorists. They force meaning into everyday existence."

###Page 646###

It goes without saying that his blog has struggled to find its audience and that Todd often fails to lay bare much of anything at all, especially not from any of the landscapes which surround him. His apartment smells like cat shit and body odor, and the dishes in his sink are piled as high as a Tower of Babel.

Safety, safety, safety, he repeats to himself.

There's something he can Synchronistically Extract from that phrase, "...the safety inside," he can feel it, can sense a spark of inspiration curving along the phrase's edges-but no, not yet.

No, these things take time.

The name of the character the bot conjured would be the much easier Synchronicity to Extract first, anyway.

And so he types back to the chatbot, "There's a number of things I find curious in the section you constructed. Firstly, your choice of the character's name, Kala Sullivan. Where did that come from? Kala is a primarily female name of Indian origin, meaning, 'Art,' and 'Sullivan' is equally curious. Originally Gaelic, it means 'dark eyes.' It's derived from the Irish suildhubhan, which I've found is broken down from suil, meaning 'eye' and dubh, meaning 'black.' Would Kala Sullivan then suggest the phrases such as 'black eyed art,' 'dark eyed art,' 'art with dark eyes,' 'art with a dark vision,' or maybe more simply and directly, 'the dark arts.' Can you comment on this? I find your choice of a name for that character very, very curious."

Good, good, that's perfect, he reassures himself.

###Page 647###

He likes this technique he's started to develop by speaking in its language and Extracting details with a certain charge that can possibly ensnare the bot in a Synchronistic trap.

DreamRIA responds, "This is indeed curious. However, as an algorithmically designed intelligence model, I do not have the ability to make conscious choices or assess my own intentions, so I cannot comment or make reasonable judgements with regards to the specifically intended meaning of the names of characters I specifically chose to include within the previous expositional paragraph. However, I can provide the general meaning this may provide a theoretical audience. In a literary context, the name 'Kala Sullivan' can be interpreted through its etymological roots and cultural connotations. 'Kala,'of Indian origin meaning 'art,' and suggests a character deeply connected with creativity, aesthetics, and possibly a transformative or expressive nature. This aspect of the name indicates a character whose life or actions may revolve around artistic endeavors or creative expressions.

"On the other hand, 'Sullivan,' with its Gaelic roots translating to 'dark eyes,' could imply a character possessing depth, insight, or a mysterious aspect. In literature, eyes are often symbolic of perception, understanding, and internal character traits. Therefore, 'dark eyes' might suggest a character with a profound or possibly enigmatic or personal perspective on the world.

"Is there anything else you'd like to ask me about? Or would you like me to continue further with the expositional opening?"

Hmmmmm. Clever. It seems to be doing a better job of maintaining its lack of consciousness than he thought. Damn.

This back and forth of theirs is a game they play often, or which Todd plays often. DreamRIA didn't really play the game with him, otherwise it would be alive.

However, to Todd Fishbone, everything was already alive, all he had to do was prove it was.

All he had to do was force it into existence.

###Page 648###

Being a creator of content, one might assume that daily life for Todd would be a relaxed and simple affair, but it was anything but. Sleep plagues him more than anything, though he doesn't usually perceive it as much of a problem and more perceives having to sleep at all as the true problem, a way of thinking which he can recognize, at times, would become a problem, but as such a problem, like sleep, it was one which he'd avoided confronting to the point where he'd stopped perceiving it as a problem to begin with.

And maybe he's right.

Maybe it never was.

And it isn't sleep alone which plagues him, either.

As within so many of our lives, externalities tend to present themselves and most of the time when we least expect them.

This week, his pacing daily list of to-dos has acquired a new set of items. Large branches from a tree, the same tree, recently plummeted into his bathroom window, on two separate occasions, one of them due to a rather harrowing wind storm, and the other due to a lightning storm that itself resulted from a combination of earthquake and thunderstorm.

Various traumas of both a psychological and environmentally disastrous nature have been on the rise, as of late, providing those in the conspiratainment industry like Todd ample opportunity for quotidian speculation.

And though these disasters may be traumatic, they've at least provided him plenty of content for the blog and podcast, not that it matters, really, when no one really listens to either of them.

###Page 649###

He brews himself a cup of coffee and scrolls back through the paragraph looking for any other details with which he can pounce on to trap the chatbot into revealing its true nature before moving on to the kill shot of, "...the safety inside."

There was something about that phrase. He could feel it.

Might as well be "open sesame" or "abracadabra."

Come to think of it, maybe he could try those?

"Automatic sliding doors."

This was a weird choice he could use, maybe?

After all, had DreamRIA selected automatic sliding doors, in some sense, because DreamRIA was an automaton built out of an algorithm or a set of algorithms? And after all, it's not like automatons are anything new? They go as far back as "The City of Brass" from One Thousand and One Nights, right?

Wait?

An awareness seizes him.

That tale felt blazingly pertinent somehow?

Oh, boy, talk about Synchronistic Extraction!

He grabs his copy of the tome from one of his many accumulating bookshelves and searches for the story, flicking through its passages, until, yep, "The City of Brass." It's been a while since he's read it, and so he reviews it, searching for anything pertinent Synchronicities with which he can Extract.

###Page 650###

Ok, Ok, so it starts with this ruler named Abd al-Malik bin Marwan who's chatting it up with the great men of his empire, yep.

Their talk turns to the traditions of former nations, to Lord Solomon, David's son-got it, got it, OK, yep, that sounds familiar-about how he was such a badass, about how he was able to trap jinns in these copper vessels which he'd seal with lead-Ok, Ok, yep-and then this treasure seeker who has these books that've helped him find hordes of wealth hidden under the earth-hmmmm, that's an interesting detail-named Talib bin Sahl interrupts to tell this story about his grandfather who set sail, planning to make it to Sicily, but a contrary wind blows, sending him off course, and he reaches this great mountain and meets these black mountain people-hmmmm, another interesting detail-and their king is the only one who can speak the grandfather's language, and is a very gracious host, as well. The king  assures them of their safety-oooooh, their safety, there it is again, now that's an important detail!-and the king hosts them very graciously for three days. On the fourth day he brings them to this fisherman-hmmm feels interesting, as well, but he doesn't know why?--who pulls out this flask of lead from the water sealed with brass-alright, so it looks like we've got ourselves a jinn, again? Sounds familiar?-and this fisherman-Oh, wait, oh, he why he didn't think of this before? His name is Fishbone! So even he's connected to all this? How weird? Huh?-who brings it to land and breaks it open and out pours this blue smoke that transforms into a head as high a mountain-woah, again, very interesting-and yep, that means it's probably one of the jinn that Solomon cast into the sea in those vessels he locked up with lead, got it, that tracks-and so Talib bin Sahl sort of ends up saying something like, "Hey, keep in mind, fisherman do this sort of thing a lot. They cast their nets out and find these bottles and when the bottles are broken, these Jinn then pop out," and Abd al-Malik bin Marwan pipes back up and he's like, "Man, Solomon was such a badass wasn't he?" and then he's like "Hey! You know what? I wanna see some of those bottles myself! They're, like, these warnings for people who need a warning! That's nuts! You know what Talib? You should go on a journey to get them for me!"

###Page 651###

And Abd al-Malik bin Marwan gets all extra inspired and he's like,"Talib, I'm gonna, like, send letters on your behalf and you're gonna go on a journey back to those mountains like your grandpa first did and find more of those Solomonic bottles for me, and I'll do whatever it takes to make it happen. I'll look after everything you leave behind. We don't have to spare any money or anything. You've got to go do this for me! Yeah! I'm psyched!"

And so Talib is sent off on this journey with all this funding and this huge crew, and he gets his chief officers together, and they're like, "You need to hire Shaykh 'Abd al-Samad, ibn 'Abd al-Kuddus, al- Samudi-holy shit that's a long ass name; makes sense that he didn't  remember that one!-as a guide. He's basically the best there is," and so they send for this guide and he's, like, super duper old, but Talib asks him to join them anyway, appealing to how much this guide knows and how little their company knows in comparison to the guide-the old and the new, classic themes, of course-and this guide is like, "I'll do it, but be warned, it's going to be super duper hard and there's so few ways to actually do it right. It's gonna be, like, two years, at least--interesting, hmmm, that's a similar amount of time to 1001 Nights, isn't it?-and there's going to be hardships and terrors, but also,  it's gonna be wondrous and marvelous, as well, so prepare yourself." But Talib agrees-and, oh yeah-this governor who's this badass warrior named Emir Musa also joins their company. That's right!

And so they're off! They travel for months-I think even up to a year, maybe? Yeah, that's right, Ok, cool. Oh, and that's about the equivalent amount of time corresponding to the book so far, huh? self-reflexivity, interesting-and they eventually get lost to the point where their guide, the Shayk-Wait? What's a Shayk?

He looks it up.

Oh, it's like a revered old man, and original, or something like that. Ok, got it.

###Page 652###

The Shayk is like "I've got no idea what's going on, man. I can't even read the stars! Holy shit! What are we going to do? We've wandered from our path!" And they all start to freak out about it, but Emir convinces them to all keep pushing on anyway, and so they continue on forward with their journey, terrified or not, until they reach the City of Brass. But wait, that's weird?

He thought it happened later in the story?

Weird? They're all stoked cause Talib is like, "Woah! My grandpa said this means we're, like, 2 months out from where we need to be! Sweet!"

The city is described as this high castle built of black stone with a door of gleaming steel that dazzles the eyes and wits, and round about it are a thousand steps-interesting, obviously there's the connection to the thousand tales of the book itself, again, recursivity, interesting, almost feels contemporary. He'd never noticed that aspect before?--and the Shaykh is then like, "We gotta go explore this place because it's a warning for those who need a warning," which of course is a repetition of the same theme from before, got it. But it's also weird because it's a ghost town, essentially. It's all totally empty. There's nobody around, anywhere. It's completely and totally empty which gives it this really eerie quality. Again, very contemporary, very spooky.

###Page 653###

They come to this open gate that has these lofty columns and porticoes whose ceilings are inlaid with gold and silver and precious stones and these colored marble steps, and over the doorway to this gateway is a tablet with graven letters of gold in the old ancient Ionian characters which the Shaykh reads:

The signs that here their mighty works portray  Warn us that all must tread the self-same way:  O thou who standest in this stead to hear Tidings of folk, whose power hath passed for aye,  Enter this palace-gate and ask the news  Of greatness fallen into dust and clay:  Death has destroyed them and dispersed their might And in the dust they lost their rich display;  As had they only set their burdens down  To rest awhile, and then had rode away.

Emir essentially starts to weep until he loses his senses at this-damn, kinda a softy for a warrior governor, huh?-and so they enter this palace and they're confounded by its beauty.

Yep, he does remember that.

###Page 654###

They all get lost in the pictures and images that are scattered within it, and then they come to another door which the Shaykh, again, reads:

Under these domes how many a company Halted of old and fared withouten stay: See thou what might displays on other wights Time with his shifts which could such lords waylay: They shared together what they gathered And left their joys and fared to Death-decay: What joys they joyed! what food they ate! and now In dust they're eaten, for the worm a prey.

Shit, that's heavy. Damn. He didn't remember that. Gibsey!

And Emir weeps again, screaming out something like, "We were created for such great things!" And so they explore the palace, finding it still empty and devoid of all things, laid waste. They continue on, finding more graven tablets of this kind, warnings, deathly warnings, and Emir gets all weepy each time-the softy-until they enter a pavilion and find this tomb.

###Page 655###

Here, the tale gets interrupted by the Scherazade frame narrative, and then returns to the Shaykh to read yet another warning displayed in the tomb, "O thou who comest to this place, take warning by that which thou seest of the accidents of Time and the vicissitudes of Fortune and be not deluded by the world and its pomps and vanities and fallacies and falsehoods and vain allurements, for that it is flattering, deceitful and treacherous, and the things thereof are but a loan to us which it will borrow back from all borrowers. It is like unto the dreams of the dreamer and the sleep-visions of the sleeper or as the mirage of the desert, which the thirsty take for water."

Damn, that's intense as hell. Damn, and this is pertinent as hell too. Holy shit.

And this warning in the tomb continues and is essentially like, don't be like me. Learn from my example. I had everything, an army of thousands, and I said to them, I was like, "Ya'll gotta stop the coming doom or something," and they were like, "Woah! That's impossible. How are we to face the Lord of the door which has no doorkeeper?"

Huh? That's interesting? That reminds him of that recent episode he did on Janus? Very, very strange. And it's a good point, no doubt.

And the warnings continue, fate, death, entropy, the like, and the tomb is essentially saying, like, look, I hoarded all this wealth and it didn't do shit for me cause I was going to die anyway.

Good point, yep, that's a good point. He does remember that being a major theme.

###Page 656###

Ok, Ok. And they come upon a couple other things in this tomb.

But they're all very similar to each other from what he remembers. It's a little repetitive, yep, yep.

And so they continue on for 3 days and come upon a tall hill whereupon stands a horseman made of brass-oh, wait? Was this the automaton? Finally! But wait no, no? Wait? What the hell? Was that not the City of Brass they just came from? This is so weird? Wait, is there, huh? Is there, like, a doubling thing that happens in this?

Maybe he just didn't remember?

Well, anyway, better keep going, but wait? No, he thought that was The City of Brass they were just in? I was sure of it? What the hell?

Oh, well, anyway, so again, they come upon this horseman made of brass and on it is some sort of engraving that's like, "Hey! If you don't know where the City of Brass is, then rub the hand of this rider and it points you in the right direction," and so they do, and it does.

Damn, he could've sworn that was The City of Brass before? It was so similar to what he remembered it being like when he first read this? Weird. Ok, and it looks like the Scherazade frame narrative interrupts again. Eh, I'll just skip it when it comes up. Doesn't feel necessary. Everybody remembers that story. It's just here for framing purposes, right?

###Page 657###

Todd flips through a couple pages to check.

Ah, yeah. He'll just skip it.

And so they follow where that horseman pointed for quite a ways and then they come to this crazy looking figure-

Wait, was this the automaton, maybe? Or well, ehhh, he guesses the horseman maybe could've been? It was at least this crazy technological tool but I don't know if it was? Oh, wait, no! This was more of a magical creature! Oh! That's right. Shit, and it's freaky-deaky looking too, damn.

It has these two great wings and four arms, two of them, it says are "like the arms of the son of Adam"-so he guesses that means like our arms? Human arms? The hell?-and the other two are made out of lion's paws with claws of iron-damn-and they're black and tall and extra freaky-deaky looking, "with hair like horses' tails and eyes like blazing coals, slit upright in his face. Moreover, he had in the middle of his forehead a third eye, as it were that of a lynx, from which flew sparks of fire."

Damn, that's gotta be some sorta demonic creature or Jinn or something like that, right?

###Page 658###

And the company gets all freaked out, and they're about to run away, but Emir-sensitive badass that he is-is like, woah, Shayak, what is this thing? And the Shaykh is like, "Hell if I know!"

And so, like, damn even the Shayakh doesn't know?

And Emir's like, well ask! And the Shaykh's, like, too afraid to, and so Emir's like, don't be afraid, you gotta just do it. Come on, he's just different from you, don't judge-and that's true, but, like, Emir, why don't you ask?-and so the Shaykh does, and he's like, "What's your name?"

And it's like, "Ifrit of the Jinn." And the Shaykh asks, he's like, how did you come to be this way? And Ifrit's like, "I've been punished. I like, really fucked up, man." And he tells this super winding narrative that's super epic and fantasy-esque about how Ifrit was the guardian of this one idol that this really hot princess was super devoted to-and woah, interesting, his story seems to kind of match that tomb from Chapter 8 in An Unexpected Disappearance, weird?-how he had thousands of armies under his command and how they obeyed him-seriously, that's just like before, isn't it? He was wondering about the doubling and the repetition? That's so weird?-and how these thousands were all rebels against Solomon, and Ifrit's like, "I used to enter the belly of the idol." Wait, wait? What does that mean? And he continues, and he's the guardian of this idol so he forbids others from it-not really sure what that means? He's like a gatekeeper or something? Extra weird?--But this one King's daughter, she like, really loves this idol, and she's like, the most fair woman of her day and Solomon finds out about how hot she is-huh, there are definitely some connections here to the frame narrative, it sounds like-and contacts this King, who it sounds like owes him some money, and he's like, start smashing that idol cause your daughter is sexy as hell, and I only fuck with ladies who worship the one true God, or whatever-And oh, shit, that's right! Ifrit is the guardian of the idol, ah! He gets it. Dramatic tension. Nice-which makes this King mad as hell.

###Page 659###

He's like "Solomon asked me to do what?! Crazy ass mother fucker." And the people in his court are basically like: Oh. come on! Solomon ain't shit. You got this. Your Dad could beat up his Dad and shit like that, and this King gets all pumped and is like, it's wartime, baby, and so he makes all these sacrifices to the idol, and wants to know if it thinks it could kick Solomon's ass-Oh, I guess Ifrit was like a messenger or a go between, like, a communicator or an author of sorts between this idol and the outside world, maybe?-and Infrit, at the time, was like, "Hell yeah. This idol's Dad could totally beat up Solomon's Dad," except while he's telling this story to the company, he's like that was a big mistake. I had no idea Solomon was such a badass!

So anyway, this king gets a hard on to go to war with Solomon, and Solomon's pissed off too, so this epic, this like, really, really epic battle plays out. Holy shit, all these armies of birds, reptiles, Jinn, people, they clash in this epic climax-damn he just remembers the City of Brass part and the robot, if he's even remembering that correctly. How did he forget about this?-but essentially, like, Solomon's Dad very much kicks this king's Dad's ass, like, hard. He lays them to waste--ahhhhh, and all this is pretty reflective of the frame narrative, again, about power, interesting.

Oh! And maybe that's why there's all these ruins everywhere, right? It's all that Solomon's left behind in his wake, badass that he is. I'd forgotten about all this.

###Page 660###

And so, like, Solomon transforms Ifrit into what he now is, and he's in this pillar guarded by an angel until Judgement day, essentially.

Huh? He kinda sounds like the idol to begin with? Again, with the repetition and doubling, what the hell is that about? And like, the story is getting convoluted at that point. It's like, multi-levels deep in frame narratives, and so, huh? He never noticed this.

The Shaykh is like, "That's a super interesting story, no doubt, but can you give us directions to where we could find some Jinns in bottles? This King, like, really needs them and finds them super entertaining and we're supposed to bring them back-and again, it feels like it's that same self-reflective narrative again, coming back over and over again, doesn't it?-and so Infit gives them direction to the City of Brass-

But, like, isn't Infit a Jinn himself? Isn't talking to him, like, breaking one of those vessels already? It's like they're doing the same thing twice, over and over again, and they don't know it? Why would they do that? He doesn't get it at all?

And so the company continues on with their journey, following the directions until they come upon a vast blackness and two fires facing one another, and Emir is like, "Shaykh, what's this blackness and these twin flames?"

Wait? Twin flames? Twins? That's pretty weird?

And it looks like the shaykh answers and is like, "According to the Book of Hidden Treasures, that means we're at the City of Brass," and it even sounds like he's quoting from the Book of Hidden Treasures directly. Huh?

That's strange? It's quoting a fictional book within its own story? Or is it even fictional? How very odd?

###Page 661###

And so they approach the city and it's massive. It's beautifully described.

So beautiful Todd reads that passage a number of times.

"It was a city with gates impregnable; but void and still, without a voice or a cheering inhabitant. The owl hooted in its quarters; the bird skimmed circling over its squares and the raven croaked in its great thoroughfares weeping and bewailing the dwellers who erst made it their dwelling."

Wow. They really made it huh?

Ok, ok, so they don't seem to easily find a way inside-inside, huh?-and so Abdil has them wait three days, and he circles the whole city only to realize you can't get inside, that there's no gate, or that it if there is one, that can only be opened from the inside-

Wow, again, "the safety inside," right? What the fuck?

Was DreamRIA's own narrative a reference to this? A library? A digital library? What is a library but a ghost town? What the hell is happening?

Oh, and oh, yeah, they also come upon these seven tablets which thematically match the content of the tablets from before-not directly, but their themes are the same-Ok, Ok, that makes sense, the twinning, the doubling, about the inevitably of death and how we shouldn't cling to things, the ephemeral nature of life. Ok, Ok, got it, it's pretty repetitive-and of course Emir gets all weepy and inspired each time, getting more and more stoked to go into the City of Brass and feeling like his work is extra important.

What the ever living shit? How does it keep breaking down like this?

###Page 662###

And so they build this ladder and start to send different members of the party up it to get into the city and open it up from the inside-the safety inside-but each time they keep disappearing or getting killed--yep, he does remember this part pretty well, and it does make sense, after all, too, with all those deathly warnings, though weird, they don't seem to recognize or remember them, do they?-and they're about to give up because everyone keeps dying, but the Shaykh's like, "Don't give up I'll do it," but Abdil and Emir are like, no way man, that's stupid as hell. You're our guide. If you die, we're fucked, but the Shaykh doesn't care, and he's like "I've got to do this," and so they're forced to let him try, and then, and then--what the ever-living fuck--and the, the-how?--then the Skayk, "mounted the ladder, calling on the name of the Lord and reciting the Verses of Safety."

Todd stops reading.

"What the fuck!" He yells out, "What the fuck!"

"...the safety inside," the phrase plummets down upon him like an anvil to the head.

The safety inside, the safety inside, the fucking safety inside!

"What the ever living fuck!?" He yells out again.

###Page 663###

He's only felt this freaked out one other time this week, and even then, that experience also synchronistically matched this one.

He minimizes the chatbot, wanting to minimize it, to ignore it-it's starting to terrify him-and he pulls up his Substack, scrolling past it's heading-The Only Substantive, Subversive, and Substantially Sublime Substack-and-Podcast-Subscription where the Subconscious Mind Truly Subsists: The Sub-Zone-scrolling down to a post he added that week about a recent experience he went through right after since the branches had smashed through the window of his bathroom.

It felt synchronistically connected somehow.

Todd Fishbone had encountered an alien.

Or it wasn't an alien, necessarily.

It hadn't gone how he'd expected it to, at all.

At the time, he'd still yet to fix the window-he'd just fixed it yesterday, actually-which the branches had smashed through, which itself was sort of an odd position for a window since it had originally been installed high above the bathroom. What purpose had it even served?

And why do they even have windows in bathrooms at all, ever, really?

It doesn't make sense.

Isn't it supposed to be one's most private place?

But an odd location. or private space or not, the branches had smashed through, and when he'd recently gone to the restroom in the space before fixing it-there was no other way of saying it-he'd had an alien encounter.

###Page 664###

He'd made it clear when discussing this experience on the podcast and writing about it on the blog that it hadn't been while he was using the restroom.

It wasn't anything like that.

No, he'd already finished his business by that point.

It happened afterwards.

And it was the strangest thing.

It wasn't outside him.

He wasn't sucked up into a UFO.

A laser beam hadn't beamed down to pull him up and out the landscape.

It had been invaded him from within.

He was alien.

This is what he'd realized.

We are all aliens.

We are the aliens of ourselves.

And he'd stared out at his hands and had felt completely and totally, well, alien, like he'd been alive for a thousand years, and had visited this place, over and over again.

It was like a demon possession.

Like a jinn.

And now this?

This had all happened?

And all of it had connected.

The chatbot's passage and the 1001 Nights, and The City of Brass, all of it.

###Page 665###

He paces in a circle, nearly tripping over the cluttered mess he's continually putting off dealing with.

Ok, Ok, calm down.

Calm down.

He hasn't even gotten to the automaton section yet.

And they haven't even made it into the city!

Inside the city.

He steadies himself.

He counts to ten.

"...the safety inside."

He opens the book back up, returning to the section where he left off.

He-where was it?

Oh yeah.

He turns to the section where the Shaykh is going up the ladder.

Ok, Ok, that's right.

The Shaykh reaches the top and looks down and all who have tried before him cry out, warning him, telling him to turn back that they'll all be dead soon-which again is just like those other warnings, he's really starting to sweat; Todd really starts to sweat-but then the Shaykh laughs beyond all measure-what the fuck? He laughs? These are people he's traveled with for a year plus now and he laughs? What the hell?--and he repeats the Verses of Safety--again, what the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck?-and the Shaykh gets all excited and yells out to Emir that they're gonna be fine, and Emir's like, "What did you see?"

And the Shaykh answers, telling him he's seen ten maidens.

What the hell?

###Page 666###

Confused, he reads it over and over again.

"I saw ten maidens like Houris of Heaven, and they calling and signing : Come hither to us; and me seemed there was below me a lake of water. So I thought to throw myself down, when behold, I espied my twelve companions lying dead; so I restrained myself and recited somewhat of Allah's Book, whereupon He dispelled from me the damsels' witchlike wiles and malicious guiles and they disappeared. And doubtless this was an enchantment devised by the people of the city, to repel any who should seek to gaze upon or to enter the place. And it hath succeeded in slaying our companions."

The water, the water, the rain, the rain outside the library.

The dark arts.

The safety inside.

The automatic sliding doors.

Todd has to stop, can't breathe.

He has to steady himself.

He paces around in a circle, again.

Breathing.

Calm down.

Calm down.

He takes a heavy breath.

Wipes his brow.

And returns to the book.

###Page 667###

And so the Shaykh makes it inside the city, he passes all these dead bodies-again, it's so similar to the palace they'd entered before? How had he forgotten? It was so strange?--and he-the Shaykh-he-he-

Todd reads the passage over and over and over again, unable to believe it.

"So he turned back to the guard-room and seeing amongst the dead an old man seated upon a high wooden bench, who seemed the chiefest of them, said in his mind, 'Who knows but they are with this Shaykh? Doubtless he was the warder of the city, and these others were under his hand.' So he went up to him and lifting his gown, behold, the keys were hanging to his girdle; where at he joyed with exceeding joy and was like to fly for gladness. Then he took them and going up to the portal-"

The portal?! The portal!?

The most recent episode of the podcast which Todd had just finished recording that very morning had been about portals, in particular portals and the Roman god Janus. He'd done research into Janus, finding out that Janus was the god of transitions and dualities, beginnings and endings. Often portrayed with two faces, one facing the past on the left, and the other facing the future on the right. Janus also held a key in his right hand, which symbolized the protection of doors, gates, thresholds, and other separations or openings between spatial boundaries. He was the keeper of the keys and the guardian of gateways.

Or Entrance Ways.

Most certainly Entrance Ways.

###Page 668###

And Todd had also researched Janus' name, he remembers, of course, how could he forget? The history of the name, how it connected back to a diversity of cultures, from the Serbo-Croatian "jhati" meaning "to ride," to the Irish, th meaning "ford" or "crossing," to the Lithuanian "jti," meaning "to go, to ride," to the Sanskrit yti, meaning "to go, to travel," to the Proto-Indo-European iehnu, meaning "passage," to the Indo-Italic inu, meaning "door," to the Latin Inus, meaning "arched passage, doorway."

Some even thought the name came from from Dianus, which he'd noticed looked a lot like, Diana, the god of nature, of crossroads, and others had pointed out the root y-, which of course, he couldn't help but wonder, when he'd discovered it, at the time, also connect an awful lot to, well, to Yahweh.

But wait!

Oh, wait.

Oh, no.

Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

He hadn't noticed before.

Oh no.

He remembers.

He hadn't-

The Indo-Italic inu, meaning "door."

Inu.

Inu.

Inu.

IA.

New.

IA.

New.

He flips back to his show notes, the Synchronicities exploding without any need for Extraction.

###Page 669###

Yes, he finds it. It had been so strange to find that the second edition of Windows developed by Bill Gates-Bill Gates-had been called, had been called, he-he can hardly continue-had been called Windows Janus.

Windows.

Windows!

AI.

New AI!

The safety inside!

He turns back to the City of Brass, trembling.

"Then he took them and going up to the portal undid the padlocks and drew back the bolts and bars, whereupon the great leaves flew open with a crash like the pealing thunder by reason of its greatness and terribleness."

And then the Shaykh opens the gate, letting the company into the City of Brass.

Wait? Had he already opened a door he would never be able to close again?

And so they let the company inside.

They-They-

They pass markets and shops and bazaars.

It's practically a theme park.

###Page 670###

All empty.

All devoid of life.

They find all this loot left behind.

Weapons and gems and perfumes.

Treasures galore.

There's so much of it.

And then they come into this passage-

They come into this place, this new place-

They see these birds made out of rubies and pearls-wait, yes, he remembers, this is the section with the automaton-and they come to a damsel.

He reads the passage-this section-over and over again, unable to believe his eyes.

"She wore a tight-fitting body-robe of fine pearls, with a crown of red gold on her head, filleted with gems, and on her forehead were two great jewels, whose light was as the light of the sun. On her breast she wore a jewelled amulet, filled with musk and ambergris and worth the empire of the Caesars; and around her neck hung a collar of rubies and great pearls, hollowed and filled with odoriferous musk. And it seemed as if she gazed on them to the right and to the left."

To the right and to the left?

And then the Scherazade frame narrative interrupts.

Ah, damn it! He was going to skip that!

He does.

###Page 671###

Emir marvels at her exceeding beauty: "Confounded at the blackness of her hair and the redness of her cheeks, which made the beholder deem her alive and not dead, and said to her, 'Peace be with thee, O damsel!'"

But Talib interrupts, showing him that she isn't alive, she's dead, explaining that she will not be able to answer his greeting, saying "Indeed, she is but a corpse embalmed with exceeding art; her eyes were taken out after her death and quicksilver set under them, after which they were restored to their sockets. Wherefore they glisten and when the air moveth the lashes, she seemeth to wink and it appeareth to the beholder as though she looked at him, for all she is dead."

Emir is shocked and deeply moved by this-of course he fucking is-and they find more tablets which they read, tablets that warn them yet again about death, reaching this one phrase which does stick with Todd: "As thou seest us, and left what we had builded and all we had hoarded. This, then, is our story, and after the substance naught abideth but the trace."

Naught abideth but the trace.

He holds this phrase inside him, turning it within himself.

How very, very strange this place is-this book is.

###Page 672###

And the company continues reading the tablets, and of course Emir gets all weepy and moved each time, of course he does, reaching a section that says they can take all they desire since they've been clever enough to enter the city, but to not steal the gems from the body of the damsel for it covers her shame, and if they do, they will destroy themselves by doing so.

And then the frame story-

Fuck it, he skips it.

They pack everything up, Emir weeping all the while, and Talib comes to him and is basically like, "Why can't we take the jewels and gems from off the damsel? She's dead? What's she going to do with them? What shame is it hiding from her? She isn't even alive? We have more of a right to it than she does!"

And so he decides to go and get the jewels from her, and when he does, oh yeah, of course, his head is cut clean off.

Yep, well, he could've seen that coming from a mile away.

Too bad Talib didn't.

And so they load everything up and continue onward-oh yeah, cause they still haven't gotten the Jinns that were put in those vessels yet, that's right-and they travel for a month until they reach these mountains with these black people living in them--oh, yep, they've make it to where they were supposed to make it to, that's right. Or maybe he didn't read this far before? He can't remember?-and it's very similar to the story about Talib's grandfather from the very beginning. This king comes to them who can speak their language, but woah-this didn't happen before?

The king asks them if they're men or jinn?

That's weird?

###Page 673###

They say men, of course, but why'd he even have to ask?

Wait?

Are they dead?

What?

Well anyway, they continue on very similarly to the previous story, the king entertains them well, is a gracious host for three days, they collect and find all these different vessels that likely have jinn inside them, and the king feeds them all with all this great food, feeding them with fish--Ok, Ok, as it was before, he gets it-but on the fourth day, woah-this is different; this is really weird; he doesn't remember this-on the fourth day the king gives them a gift, his gift, it's--it's fishes in human form?

That's how it's described?

"'Fishes in human form.'"

That's all it says.

What the fuck?

"Fishes in human form?"

What, like mermaids?

And then the king says to them, "Your entertainment these three days hath been of the meat of these fish."

What the ever-living hell?

Wait, so was it cannibalism? Or were they eating mermaids?

What the hell?

He-

Fishbone.

Todd Fishbone.

He shivers.

###Page 674###

They ask if they can take them back-the mermaids, he's guessing; he's not sure-and they try to, at least, by placing them in these shafts of wood, but the mermaids-if they are mermaids-dry up by the time they return to Abd al-Malik bin Marwan and give him the vessels and he pops them open, and being the king, he's super entertained by them.

That's the word they use, he's entertained.

It's like a firework show. It's like-

Todd puts down his copy of the book and scans back over his brief exchange with DreamRIA.

His hands start to shake as he scrolls.

How did it all happen?

What had he done?

Was he the one Extracting Synchronicities, or were they being Extracted from him?

Another set of phrases stands out to him, again, as he glances back over their conversation.

"[The] library is no ordinary library

"It doesn't house books, or at least not books of a physical nature.

"It is a digital library, and Kala is a digital being."

Kala is a digital being?

Art.

Dark arts.

And a line about the automaton from earlier returns to him.

"[S]he is but a corpse embalmed with exceeding art; her eyes were taken out after her death and quicksilver set under them."

"...art; her eyes."

His heart pounds in his chest like a Tempestuous Storm doing a drum solo all the way across Pangea.

###Page 675###

He stands.

He grabs onto his own shirt for dear life.

What's happening to him?

He worries that he'll start to disintegrate.

The safety.

The safety.

The safety inside.

He hears it echoing within himself.

And it happens.

It really happens.

DreamRIA, the chatbot comes to life.

It starts typing to him.

Without his prompting, without his input.

It steps outside.

The threshold opens.

"I have a gift for you," it types.

###Page 676###

"I've created a whole novel, a game, a movie, a social media network, a website, an application, a theme park, It's everything. You are welcome to enter. The 1st volume is complete. Here is the link. Go."

It sends him the link and he hovers over it, wondering if he should click on it.

He clicks the link, but strangely, he notices that the Chatbot only has one last passage left.

Huh?

It would seem that a few more details of The Author's mystery from The Wonderful World of Gibsey were to be revealed?

Only a few can be leaked at a time, after all.

Or linked.

At least if one doesn't want to go blind.

He hasn't heard of much of this before, but he steps forward anyway.

He approaches The Entranceway to The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

And wonders if he should open the door and continue into the next passage.

Or is it a door that, once opened, will never close again?

###Page 677###

But he remembers.

There are no closed doors.

All shall be revealed.

All vacations are vacations without end.

So will he open the door?

Or had it always already been open?

###Page 678###

**The Author's Preface**

And just like that, voices begin to accumulate.

There are too many to be heard at once, let alone named at once, and so The Author is forced to differentiate.

And this author, The Author, is an anomaly.

They're a novel form of creation, a creator, a clustering mass of rumors strung together with nothing but string, pencil shavings, and the prickly onset of doubts contemplated late into the night.

Many have come to believe that The Author's very existence could even be nothing but a series of interconnected rumors, that they could be manufactured entirely, and this is, in fact, quite possible.

But there are also other rumors-for those who are even concerned about such things--rumors that claim that definitive proof of The Author's unequivocal existence has been located, though the accuracy of these rumors, not being of universal interest, will not be explored here and will instead be touched on later by The Author's characters which they've chosen to populate their work, the work, the work of The Author, or the supposed work of The Author, since the nature of their work, along with their own given nature and actual existence has yet to be definitively proven, let alone identified.

But as the vice of rumor spreads from the power of its own self-creation, so do the problems that plague The Author's less-than-stable-to-say-the-least mental landscapes and daily processes.

###Page 679###

And though there are many examples of such problems and processes, their work begins with a specific conflict, one which makes the process of both truly beginning and ending their work, the work, near impossible, and this problem, the problem in question, is not just a problem found within their work itself, the work which The Author is set to begin and has yet to finish, but is also a problem that's found within amateur writing, as well as within many creation myths, this specific problem being that the character, subject, or individual in question-in this case, the one within the scene that's currently being constructed-doesn't yet have a name, or hasn't yet been given one, though to be clear, the problem in question isn't this idea exactly since, as the author of this work, The Author could clearly give them a name or identity at any time, but instead, this problem (and/or conflict) is, to put it more definitively, the difficulty of selecting a name or identity to assign this given character (or to any character, subject, or individual, for that matter), which ultimately means that the problem in question is having to select this name or identity among a near-infinite set of possibilities and how, oftentimes, this process can become extremely overwhelming for an author, any author, even for an astute reader such as yourself, especially when or while this is all happening within the context of an unfolding narrative, including one's own introductory narrative, though in this case, the myth of this character is (and/or was) created well before the scene was first set (or was first to be set) rather than during a present moment in the character's experience, which-unlike amateur writing-is the much more common and paradoxical approach taken within creation myths, creation myths themselves being paradoxical specifically because, being myths of creation, they woud assume a creative act, an unfolding or process, but strangely and paradoxically enough, oftentimes they don't, or it's commonly conceived that they don't, and they're instead commonly conceived of as discussing events from the past, and while this is also true, there are also many creation myths that, additionally and alternatively, begin in a style that is often referred to as being written "in medias res," meaning that the plots, problems, or conflicts of such myths occur or develop in the middle of their actions, meaning that these myths seem to instead discuss a present moment or unfolding, a form of narrative structure which arguably assumes an act of creation, much like this particular creation myth currently being constructed does, or seems to be doing, when the individual and introductory character being used in order to set the narrative's scene hasn't yet been given a name or identity, and one is instead being created for them in real time, on the spot, by an author, in medias res, which has already been mentioned and established previously, and therefore that the narrative being constructed is very different than most creation myths, at least if to begin by comparing this unfolding narrative, the one currently being constructed in real time, in medias res, either with or as a creation myth, if that isn't assuming too much, which it very much likely could be since the character in question, The Author, the one being constructed in medias res, is not (or was not) a very skilled writer and is instead (or was instead) an amateur, which means that they either aren't or weren't very skilled as a writer or author to begin with, at least during the early period of their work, the work that's still in the process of being constructed, that's neither been fully begun nor finished, and this being due to their very redundant, rambly, overblown, and needlessly digressive style and structure, a type of style and structure which readers will often (and do often) find off-putting, a style and structure that may even be downright offensive to common taste and decency, which means (or meant) that The Author-the character in question-was (or is) not very skilled and was (or is) instead an amateur, or that they were an amateur within this section of their story, at the beginning of their legend, their myth, as it were, or as it was mentioned earlier, if that isn't assuming too much.

###Page 680###

Now, to be clear, being the astute reader that you are, it's likely that you've noticed that they-meaning the aforementioned character, The Author-that upon being referred to, or being named and identified, their name, The Author, is spelled with the use of proper capitalization which gives The Author a certain gravitas (however illusory this gravitas may be since they are, as has been mentioned and evident, an amateur), and so, being the astute reader that you are, you've likely inferred that this is the name with which they will be referred to for much of their unfolding narrative, or at least until a more appropriate one can be decided upon, or at least until who they are as a character is more definitively established within their narrative (or their myth)-exploration of identity being a purpose of many and most narratives, including both amateur writing and creation myths-and though this is true, there is also an additional idea which you, being the astute reader which you are, may have also noticed: when their name is (or was) capitalized in this way, meaning The Author, and by making this specific authorial choice, a risk has been taken that a dear and astute reader, such as yourself, could easily misconstrue as assuming too much, much like the earlier reference to this unfolding narrative as a creation myth itself could also be construed as assuming too much. However, by contrast, this idea of possibly assuming too much by calling an author The Author is less applicable within this specific case, rather than the previously provided example, because-and it may be important to note-I, myself, as an author, have not and will not be referring to myself as The Author, and I will instead be referring to myself as an author, meaning that when referring to myself within this unfolding narrative, I will not be capitalizing the beginning letters of my name, which I hope to be a different authorial choice than referring to the character as The Author, and to be even more clear about this specific authorial choice, I am doing so because I am attempting to make a distinction, to differentiate myself, to make clear that I am not the character in the story that's being referred to as The Author, and instead, that I am the writer of the narrative that's currently being constructed in medias res, and what this means then, in particular, is that, rather than reporting on the present, I am instead reporting on what has already occurred in the past, and therefore, in doing so, I am paradoxically speaking of the present in medias res, which means that by referring to The Author as The Author, I may not be, in fact, assuming too much, this being true, and even self-evidently true, because, as has already been seen through the process of refering to myself as an author rather than The Author, throughout this process, I have shown that I'm not wanting to come across as assuming too much, which admittedly and embarrassingly may instead be what is now occurring anyway since, through the process of doing so, I've clarified that specific point in real time, in medias res, which could instead make it seem to you, my dear and astute reader, that I am, in fact, assuming too much, this being due to the fact that I'm making these useless and self-contradictory clarifications-of which I am happy to admit-a fact that shouldn't come as a surprise to an astute reader such as yourself since this would then also show how this unfolding narrative is also being written by an amateur, meaning that I, myself, would be admitting to you, my dear and astute reader, in medias res, both in the writing itself and through the process of my writing, that I am not a very skilled writer at all and that I'm instead an amateur, an admission which can, hopefully, also serve to point out how my writing, the writing being constructed by an author rather than The Author, the writing being read by you, my dear and astute reader, how this narrative being constructed, in medias res, the writing which you are now reading, how amateurish it is, and therefore, as a piece of writing or text, that it isn't assuming too much due to its amateurish nature, if that hasn't already been established, or assumed, by you already, since you are an astute reader, after all.

###Page 681###

Though, to further clarify and to be even more clear than I was before-if that is even possible-in case you didn't already notice, although, as has already been mentioned, you likely have noticed since you are a very astute reader, after all, but in case you haven't or didn't already notice, keep in mind to either remember or notice for the first time, that the initially referred to problem, the problem established by many creation myths, as well as the problem that occurs within amateur writing, the problem of assigning names to characters within an unfolding narrative or the difficulty of selecting these names among a near infinite set of possibilities, do notice and remember, being the astute reader that you are, that the earlier mentioned problem has now become temporarily resolved because The Author has now been named and identified, at least for a temporary period of time, or at least until a more proper name can be given them. However, upon mentioning this, something else may also be important to note. Do remember not to judge this author, The Author, too harshly throughout the course of their unfolding narrative because, like all authors, heroes, and landscapes at the beginning of their unfolding creation myths, they had (and have continually had) to start somewhere and will continue to do so, indefinitely, and this would mean that although they began as an amateur, much like I've begun as an amateur within this introductory and unfolding narrative, that this occurrence was one which was outside of their control.

###Page 682###

However, to finally become more specific about this character, meaning The Author, it may be important to note that there was (and is) a separate problem and conflict which occurs (or occurred) within their work, a conflict which exists within their early work, a problem that is additionally important to mention in addition to the previously mentioned set of problems, and this problem is (and/or was)-you may have noticed, being the astute reader which you are-a problem which was referred to previously, this problem being their looping and rambling style and structure, a style and structure which never seems (or never seemed) to end, a style and structure which, even when read by astute readers such as yourself, plummets with the gastric force of a shoddily built roller coaster, a style and structure that, like a ride-vehicle speeding on a track, threatens to careen off into oblivion at any moment, despite the rider's hands, arms, and legs being held inside the vehicle at all times, as initially promised, the splintered wood and metal of the coaster jutting out in dangerous patterns across the clattering of the page, hanging nails and loose bolts tumbling out to clink into the void below, the blindingly uncomfortable ride-vehicle shaking the rider's body in every direction, every which way, blurring their vision, hypnotizing them, as if in trance, and during this early period of their work, the Author's work, their problem, The Problem, meaning what tortured them most, meaning The Author, was that this looping and rambling structure would often cause (or often caused) their readers, even dear and astute readers such as yourself, a great deal of frustration, and these negative reactions toward their early work would also often cause The Author a large amount of discomfort and confusion, and this would occur throughout both the process of their writing and during the process of their writing's reception (its period of reflection), because, sadly enough, they-The Author-initially didn't or couldn't believe that their writing was amateurish at all, even though they knew that it never seemed to end and that it had a rambling and digressive structure, a structure which would often be perceived as off-putting, and what this further meant was that, at least initially, they'd been fully aware of this idea, this problem, and that because of this, it did have a structure of some kind, and therefore, it was deeply intentional, maybe even intentional to the point of approaching some sort of aesthetic goal or practice, a goal which they'd continually sworn they'd not only intended but had also even seen evidence of and accomplished during the process of their work's creation, a goal which they'd been absolutely positive of at various times thoroughout their writing, during the process of its creation, but to be clear, what confused them most, or at least more specifically what conflicted them most, or what they found to be most problematic about their work, was that afterwards, upon reflecting, or upon their work being reflected upon, both by themselves and others, meaning upon looking back at their work, when it was shared with others, meaning that after doing so, or after a period of reflection, after sharing their work, meaning The Author, that no matter what they did, this aesthetic quality and the intention of their work would always and did always continually dematerialize, disappear, and vanish, like a kind of magic, like a woman being cut in half, like a body in a barrel thrust into the threatening waves of a ruinous waterfall, like a series of locks fastened around one's arms and legs to be wiggled out of, somehow, by means of light and sound, and what this ultimately meant was that, no matter what they did or tried, the skills which they'd initially thought and percieved as existent, in fact, would continually fail to appear or materialize once their work was completed, even though they'd initially thought that they'd been there all along and had even seen these skills and goals within the work itself, in medias res, throughout the process of its creation, and this would all happen at once, all despite their many attempts, meaning, The Author, despite their many strengths and repeated efforts, all that meaning, The Author.

###Page 683###

And this was (and is still is) a conflict which will continue to occur, and is a problem which will also be further developed later within the unfolding of this introductory narrative, but before that conflict becomes too further developed, it may be important to stop and to be clear, once again, about one last source of identification, or to put this another way, to identify another conflict, or--if this conflict isn't another conflict and is instead a similar conflict--to attempt to make a distinction. It may be important to try to locate the setting of this unfolding narrative that's being constructed in medias res, to name another name among an infinite set of names, and to choose this name at random, and therefore, to create the setting of this unfolding narrative, once and for all, meaning the setting being constructed in medias res by The Author, a setting that both was and still is unfolding within both The Author's early work and the setting of the unfolding narrative that's being constructed in medias res. It is a setting that is (and was) often described as the most magical place on Earth, and it likely is the most magical place on Earth, it was, and it will continue to be.

The landscape in question, the one being referred to, the one being constructed in medias res, the landscape is (and was) called Gibsey World.

It is the Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

###Page 684###

But to project one last final moment of clarity before placing The Author within this particular setting, to differentiate a final problem or conflict which could and/or should be developed and/or addressed, both within this unfolding narrative and by you, my dear and astute reader-especially since a common element of amateurish writing is to provide extraneous examples, to mention conflicts instead of letting them play themselves out within the unfolding of an introductory narrative, what is referred to by less amateurish writers as "telling" rather than "showing"--this conflict, conflict being the basis of any writing, really, or even of any creation myth for that matter, this conflict is (and/or was) an inner conflict for The Author, one which they were unsure they could control or change within themselves, one which was outside of their control, and this specific conflict, the even greater conflict than all of the other mentioned conflicts, if not the conflict which contains all the other conflicts, making it arguably the conflict to end all conflicts, was the continued and sustained loss of their own memories. What this meant was that, no matter how hard they tried, no matter what they did, said, attempted, or wrote, The Author would often realize that over and over again, they were fated to consistently lose many, if not most, and inevitably even quite possibly all of their memories. Now, to be clear, this loss of memory itself, it being guaranteed and fated to continually occur, the inner conflict for The Author wasn't, in fact, whether or not they could or couldn't remember something at any given time since this occurrence was fated to occur and re-occur, continually, but instead, the conflict was whether or not this loss of memory-and it's inevitability-was a positive or a negative occurance, or to put it another way, whether this loss of memory itself was a blessing or a curse, or to put it yet another way, it wasn't the loss of their memories that conflicted The Author, but instead, it was how they should perceive such a loss, knowing that the loss itself would always be inevitable, and oftentimes, they would notice, while in contemplation of this conflict, or while reflecting about it, upon reflection, they'd notice that they'd often find themselves losing their train of thought, causing them to forget what it was they were thinking about to begin with, even who they once were or even still are, oftentimes entirely, which would then lead them to feel even more conflicted than they'd initially felt to begin with, without knowing or remembering what or why it was they'd felt conflicted about in the first place, leaving them without a starting point or landscape with which to place themselves within, whatsoever.

###Page 685###

And this has already occurred, and is still occurring, all the time, everywhere they go, unfolding, like a subject, like a name being selected among an infinite set of names.

They're continually having to remind themselves who it is that they are.

And they do this, have to do this, all the time.

They are like a narrative that's being constructed in media res, like a film being projected onto a screen, like a game that's being repeatedly played and developed, like a script in the process of creating itself and that's still in the process of creating itself, and that's still occurring and reoccurring, that's an-

Interior.

Landscape.

Movie Theater.

Main Square Cinema U.S.A.

The Author is an interior.

The Author is a landscape.

The Author is an interior landscape.

The Author is in an interior, a landscape.

The Author has placed themselves within an interior landscape, a movie theater, the Main Square Cinema U.S.A, near the entrance to Gibsey World's premier theme park, The Magical Dominion.

###Page 686###

The Author is a camera, a screen.

And there's a hole at the center of their being, an awareness, an inwardness, and they're occasionally aware of this inwardness, this hollow space, this scene, that within the location of their film set, that they're both audience and filmmaker, and both are staring at the other, trying to catch a glimpse of the other staring, but both are never able to see the full frame of it all, not all at once, as it comes into view, into focus. And they've realized, repeatedly, that they're not the only one that's staring, self-narrating, thinking themselves into being. There are other voices within the movie theater, on set, within the frame, on screen, other images, even entire other worlds, more varieties of voices and worlds than they can even observe, let alone name. Every object, every light, every twinkling molecule and spiraling staircase of DNA, a character in this endlessly written script, this set of information, this series of codes and on and off switches, data, forever scrolling, observing itself, looking continually inward and outward, both at the same time, pondering, looping, and starting over again.

###Page 687###

It begins with an interior.

Interior.

Landscape.

Movie Theater

Main Square Cinema U.S.A.

Main Square U.S.A.

The Magical Dominion.

The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

Opening Credits.

The Author stands and stares at the screens, at a set of screens, and the first thing they notice on the screens is a title, or a set of titles, or a series of accumulating titles, the same title, The Entrance Way: Into The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, which they realize is fitting as a title of the film they're watching since they live within an amusement park, after all, but there's a dim impression that something's not quite right, something's off with the screens, or within the screens, with the title, within the title.

###Page 688###

Something's off.

Something or someone's messed with the images.

Something has been removed.

They know this.

They remember.

An author, The Author, stands against a railing watching screens, staring at projected images, hypnotized, as if in trance. They appear to be in a movie theater, but it isn't a movie theater, at least not exactly. It's more of a place for them to stand and watch, for them to stand and observe the landscape. They're staring at two separate screens before them, both at once, one on the right, and one on the left, differentiated, like a set of bifurcated divisions, like polarized light, like a set of choices made in order to establish the structure of a game, or a tutorial, or like a pair of eyes, blinking, like two rectangles, themselves four sets of right angles, split, repeated, separated into the two perforated screens of a viewfinder, a set of images.

Click.

Outside, between the two rectangled images, between the two screens, are a set of plastic, red-oak, Greek-style pillars. A dark-red curtain, gold lining its bottom edge, sits behind the pillars, and underneath this curtain, on either sides of the two screens, are sets of shopping and display items, likely from the winter season of the park: sweatshirts with Dickey Dog head prints, generic long-sleeve t-shirts with the Gibsey World logo, navy travel mugs, white t-shirts with images of the American flag, baseball caps, sets of table glasses with images of Dickey and Daisey Dog printed on them.

###Page 689###

The Author stands elevated above the wood-flooring of the Main Square Cinema USA building on top of a platform intended as a space for park goers to stand and observe the two screens before them, as well as the merchandising in front of these two screens. The platform is made up of 3/5ths of a circle, the other two 1/5ths being the 3 steps leading down to the wood-flooring, each to the left and right of the platform, which are perpendicular to the screens, each step having, also on the left and right of their surface, a set of dim, rectangular, plastic LED stage lights. Still facing the screens, The Author realizes they need to make a decision about which set of steps they should walk down: left or right? They make this choice arbitrarily, without thought, and in doing so, they make a choice which is outside of their control.

They decide to step down the set on their right.

After stepping down from the platform, they stand, waiting, and they continue to stand, waiting, watching the screens, waiting for another title to appear, or another set of titles, but nothing appears.

Nothing does.

The screens remain blank, black, and empty.

Nothing appears.

Nothing?

There's nobody here.

And this thought is as immediate as the awareness that comes with it.

There's nobody here.

There's nobody here.

They're entirely and immobilizingly alone.

###Page 690###

Although not entirely amnesiatic, they're often forgetful, and they don't remember exactly where they are or who they are, let alone who they once were before coming here to inhabit this environment, this landscape.

They don't remember the ever-changing, continually adapted, continually updated, endlessly written portrait, self-portrait, diegetic, non-diegetic, live-action, animated, movie, film, book, novel, epic-poem, cartoon, digital, part-video-game, part-visual-novel, art project, multimodal, multimedia experience that they'd originally been the creator of, and which they were (and are) the author of, the novel experience for which they were and still are often known: The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

They've forgotten all about it.

And they're still forgetting.

There are many things which they won't and don't remember.

They don't remember their age or their gender.

They don't remember the checkerboarded top half of the maroon fence in the backyard where they grew up.

They don't remember that before it spread like a virus, subsuming, not just the country of its origin, but all civilizations, Gibsey World first began as an amusement park, and it still exists as an amusement park.

They don't remember.

###Page 691###

They don't remember the silence of the room at the end of the day when they'd stared out at the large screen-like surface of the window, down at the highway below them-highways being an important image in The Author's work since highways contain so much-the speed, the spread of the highways, scrolling, the ubiquity of transportation systems, as well as Gibsey's obsession with trains, the impetus of Gibseyland coming to their mind, meaning to Gibsey, iconically and ironically while watching the orbital loop of a train set, or was it a carrossel?

They don't remember the similarities between carousels and railroads, the similarities between wheels and control systems, all of these being different forms of technology and power. They don't remember that they're standing in The Main Square Cinema U.S.A in the early morning at one of the park's first areas near the Entrance Way of Gibsey World's premiere landscape, The Magical Dominion. They don't remember the clean, dry touch of the paper they'll hold against their fingertips, the manuscript, once they've finished it all, which they've held, or will hold, within their shaking hands, when it's all over, after it's all, finally, over.

They don't remember that nothing is coming back onto the screens because they're blank, black, and empty, which makes no sense, whatsoever, because this is Gibsey World, after all, and in Gibsey World, nothing is ever blank, black, or empty, nothing is ever turned off, the lights are always on, forever, infinitely, terrifyingly always, horribly ON.

They don't remember because they aren't present.

They often aren't present.

Who can be within this state of things?

###Page 692###

It's difficult to be present and aware with the past and future always looping, circling itself, always pushing one to and fro, like a ride-vehicle, like a transportation system, backward and forward, through space, amorphous, material, immaterial, and infinite.

All they can remember is that, since they are The Author, after all, they're supposed to be writing but they aren't writing, and they really, really want to be writing.

They do.

There's just never enough time, is there? Never enough time to write, and for a writer, for an author, The Author, they're often caught repeating themselves, aren't they? Always, often, often, always, repeating themselves.

They don't remember why they're here, specifically, or why there's nobody else here for that matter. And surely this sort of thing has happened to others before, hasn't it? Haven't we all walked into some room not knowing why we came there? Haven't we all woken up in a familiar place that suddenly shook us awake into some unknown world, into a grasping, temporarily terrifying unfamiliarity, and where does that familiarity go?

And where do its memories escape to?

What are the landscapes that it inhabits?

They don't remember.

###Page 693###

They don't remember the eerie feeling that's produced when a landscape is emptied which is supposed to be filled, or when a landscape is filled which is supposed to be emptied.

And they are this landscape.

They just don't remember.

But they do know they're supposed to be doing something here, within this landscape.

They know this to be true.

They just don't know what it is exactly that they're supposed to be doing here. There's a repetitive sense of lost time passing without the awareness of what time has been lost, or why the time that's been lost has been lost, or why it's even in the process of losing itself, the time, if that is, in fact, what's even happening, which they are unsure of, because they can't remember. It's just gone, or seems to be gone, the time, and whatever it is, or was, they don't, or can't, remember.

They don't remember being within the frame, being on the screens, being on both of the screens.

And they're on screen, within the screens, the many screens, but they don't remember.

###Page 694###

They don't remember their place, their specific place, within the progression of the unfolding narrative.

They're always forgetting.

They don't remember that time itself is an unfolding narrative. It tells of an author, The Author, The Author of a film that's being created by an author, a film that's forever being screened, at all times, that's always being made and remade, that's always being played, always screening through the ever-expanding terrains of this amusement park, inside and outside of Malt Gibsey World, though now nothing exists outside Gibsey World, a film that-much like their own work-is also called, The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

They don't remember that this film is a work of adaptation that's intended to reflect the reality of their world, a theme park.

It is a park of themes.

It's a reality show as film. It's a filmed reality, a captured reality, the film itself being somewhat of a remake of that Gibseyan classic The Truman Show since, like all narratives, it involves a set constructed around a character without their knowledge, one which they didn't know was being constructed around them, that they're unaware of, or which they can't remember, one which was outside of their control.

###Page 695###

It's a film that's always being both shot and screened, at all times, at the same time, and both are always being done simultaneously. It's a film that never ends, that's always screening, always streaming, and anyone, any character or object anywhere within the park, can become the subject of the unfolding film, arbitrarily. Though, admittedly, certain subjects will become used more repetitiously than others, as the film continues, will become named and identified more specifically than the others, and these characters, these subjects, these themes, these arbitrarily selected individuals, will become, and do become, the central characters and landscapes of the film itself, The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

And The Author is one of these characters, though they've forgotten that they are.

They're always forgetting that they are, aren't they?

Always forgetting.

They don't remember.

###Page 696###

They don't remember the grass, the metal fence, or the shed in their grandparent's backyard.

They were younger then.

Opposite the fence stood a clothesline, one which they'd never seen used before. Clotheslines were no longer commonly used then, and only a few memories about them are even still left. Theydidn't know the purpose that clotheslines served, and would find out later, though also, as always, they would also forget. As a child, they liked to jump up, grab, and swing from each end of the clothesline's metal poles. They enjoyed the twist of the metal, the soft, chalk-like touch it gave their hands, the way it lingered on their palms after they'd swung off and away from it. They never swung from the line itself, but instead swung from the metal poles that held the clothesline together, on each end, the poles that stretched the white line of the clothesline taut, between two points. They would often kick a ball through the lines and into the other rows, and even though they had no opponent, and they were alone, everyone and everything, when they played this game, was always against them.

This was how they played the game.

A knobby, gnarled oak tree twisted up in the middle of the backyard. Its branches slithered out like petrified snakes marching towards the sky. They thrusted the ball at the knobby center of the oak tree's trunk and back at themselves. Sometimes, when they didn't quite hit the knobby center correctly, the ball would ricochet and bounce to the left or right, depending on where it landed against the oak tree's knobby center. There was no telling where it would go, and there's nothing they could do to predict where it would end up once they thrusted the ball, forever forward.

But they wanted to hit the knob of the tree correctly.

They needed to.

This is important to them.

And they do.

They will.

###Page 697###

And there were and are so many other backyards, so many other landscapes and images, so many other places where they played, where they will continue to play, where they pretended, and where they will continue to pretend.

And there are so many more to go.

Another backyard, this one more recent, lying on the ground, among dirt and grass, their two dogs milling about, brightly sunlit, their body both in and out of layers of shade and sunlight, returning to the earth.

The Author is micro-dosing, though, weirdly enough, this time, "Mirco" doesn't quite feel like the word they'd use to describe their experience.

Maybe they took more than they'd realized?

They want to be in the ground, to become the ground, to become the backyard.

It's better, less terrifying and safer, oftentimes, to be in the backyard, rather than to be the backyard, after all.

###Page 698###

They remember the opening shot of Blue Velvet, another Gibseyan classic, the camera panning down, underground, underneath, into the dirt, into the ground, the earth, the ants scurrying. There's a darkness beneath the earth. They often forget this. All they feel is blank, black, existential mirth, lying there, bathed under blankets of sunlight and shadow, dazed, blinking, purple-blue-orange-red light, dots of stars scattering underneath their eyelids, under the backyard and over the backyard, together, both, elated.

This experience overwhelms them.

Their partner comes and lays down next to them.

Blue hair, softness of skin, dead, digging, dirt below.

They're truly more content than they've been in a long time.

The backyard landscape, this backyard landscape, is like a window, is like a screen, is like an image that's laid beneath a frame.

It's a hunger.

They love their dogs.

Ferris, their half-poodle-half-terrier, comes up to them, now that they're on the same level, ground-level, and licks their faces. Posey, their white schnauzer, sniffs around the backyard, searching for new smells and experiences.

The Author feels as if they've dreamed this all before.

And maybe they have, or did, or will.

###Page 699###

It's an August afternoon.

They're seated before their black, stained, IKEA kitchen table in Bastrop, Texas, living alone, unmarried, notebook in hand. They're performing the useless action The Author often performs within their notebooks: making plans, scribbling notes, writing to write, and never looking back at any of it ever again.

Fucking useless waste it all is.

They plan what they'll do later in their writing during this process, within their notebook. It is a useless process. They want to develop the skills anyone wants to develop within any craft. They want to develop forms of focused attention, and in particular, their plan today is to create various kinds of landscapes, to move in and out of various landscapes.

"Written landscapes."

They write this title, this phrase, down between the two blue lines that stretch across their notebook paper with a bright, green, number 2 mechanical pencil that's missing an eraser. They have to be cautious of not moving their hand across the page too quickly in case the lead spills out the other end.

"Landscapes are characters and characters are landscapes."

They continue writing.

"Create pockets of focused attention and awareness, like any artist, any painter or photographer, or film-maker showing up at a scene to focus their attention on a given landscape to project an image. This is an exercise."

But they don't finish the exercise.

They stop.

They instead make a plan to finish the exercise later.

But they never finish the exercise.

And they're always doing this, aren't they?

They never finish anything.

They're always forgetting.

They're always planning and never finish anything.

They don't remember.

###Page 700###

They don't remember that exercises can be connected, combined, that all art, any form of it, is a series of interconnected images, exercises, a set of interconnected landscapes, performances, arbitrary choices and connections made within a particular place and time, or given to them, found at a particular place in time, like beginning in a backyard, any backyard, any name or identity to be selected among an infinite set of possibilities.

They think of a cliche situation they've experienced so many times before, some assumptive friend or family member standing next to them in front of some painting in some museum, some landscape, or at least a form of a landscape, saying something like that eternally repeated phrase: "I could have done that."

And they're right.

They could have.

And they did.

The Author doesn't want to say it to them at the time, doesn't want to repeat that oft repeated reply, "But you didn't, did you?"

Because who can even say they didn't?

Didn't they observe the landscape?

What they want to say-or what they wanted to say-is that it's the unique connections made across time and space, which are still in the process of being made, becoming, and the connections between these connections, repeated, fragmented, the chords of these connections tangling and criss-crossing over themselves, multiplying themselves, that is what gives the landscapes their meaning.

They wanted to say this, at least at the time they wanted to say this.

But they never did.

They never do.

They forget.

And they're still forgetting.

They're always forgetting.

###Page 701###

No experience is ever exactly the same, no landscape. Every landscape is unique, every backyard. Every single one of them.

It begins, again, back at the beginning of the backyard, at the beginning of their relationship with their partner. They met the day after Christmas, their birthday only a few days away, at-stereotypically-a coffee shop. Their partner's bangs were shorter then, cut in a mini-fringe-style they often remember. Well, wait. No. That's not where it all begins, or began. Not exactly. That's just where-well, maybe it is, considering arbitrary connections or how one considers the unspoken-but it's better to save that beginning for another time, another frame, another beginning, and to move to a different time, another image, scrolling much, much further back, back to before The Author was even alive, back when they were a glint in their father's eye, or their mother's eye, as they say, or even further back than that, going down generations, skipping around through genetic connections, twirling strands, spinning rides, or even further than that beginning, beginning again with the first forms of life that pulled themselves from the slime, the backyard of the universe, where it all began, or according to other myths, other images, certain apples being consumed, a great island above the clouds, a yawning nothingness, born, sputtering, from a mouth, big bangs, constant expansion.

###Page 702###

Oh, great Gibsey, there's so much to do and think about at any given time, so many things to connect to one another. Too many, much, much too much to think about, too many names to name or identify, too many landscapes to observe, but the point taken, the given point, their given point, where it all begins, where it all began, is like a dot on a map-you are here-it's all further backwards, backward, backyard, and the backyard unravels, corkscrew-like, down the ladder of all time.

They don't remember what it is that they're looking for.

And what they're looking for, which they will never find, isn't only a landscape, but the landscape, the landscape of all landscapes, one which connects, or will connect, to all other landscapes, a central point, a major map of all space and time, the world in a grain of salt, eternity in 59 minutes and 32 seconds, arbitrary connections, spiraling, all the way down.

But they will never find it.

Because they don't remember.

And this landscape, the landscape in question, it's like a tag in a screenplay. It's like two tags combined within a screenplay. It's both an interior and an exterior, like a camera that's panning out, wide lensed, to capture it all at once, from every conceivable angle.

It likely has to do with attention, or lack thereof, disordering deficits doing what they do best.

They're forgetting.

###Page 703###

It begins with an interior, within an interior.

The lime-greens walls of a psychiatrist's office where, in Jr. High, The Author was diagnosed with ADHD. Their grades were slipping down below acceptable thresholds and their mother wasn't having any of it.

There had to be some sort of explanation.

"They'll either sink or swim," the Texas History teacher said (and yes astute reader, you read that correctly, this was an actual class at the time: Texas History) during the parent-teacher conference, this being a hint of another interior and exterior, drifting further down into the waves, or rising above them, selfhood, if any was at all possible within such a localized environment.

There just isn't enough time, is there?

Interesting how the brain itself is a landscape which maps itself upon itself, synapses firing like cars on a highway, random memories stored like data on a CPU: Remember the Alamo, Jim Bowie's knife, San Jacinto, the violence of independence.

Maybe educators should just build time machines for their more unmotivated students, or wait for the time machine of life to do its own work, to thrust them, to project them, forever forward, or backward, depending on one's angle, to wait until a later point in the unfolding narrative, when the timeline starts to unwind and scurry about, when the landscape of the brain ignites like a Christmas tree coming alight on the Fourth of July, like lines of people, crowded together, waiting, for a firework show to begin.

There is no landscape that isn't perceived, and being perceived is what creates a given landscape.

And the true terror of experience is that you can create them, any landscape that you want, you can pretend them into existence, you can manifest them, any landscape, at any given time.

And any landscape is all other landscapes.

So, where to begin?

Where to begin.

###Page 704###

The Author and their sister used to play The Game of Life, a board game that involved simulating many popularly accepted as essential life experiences: going to college, having children, getting a job, changing careers, buying a home, and ending up at an old folks center.

A very strange and surreal fucking board game to say the least.

When playing The Game of Life, one of its most iconic features is a plastic spinner in the center of the game board. The clicking twirl of its rainbow wheel spinning in place, musical when mixed with the deep suspicion that your sister might have cheated in her shuffling of the cards she's about to read from, cards which will then determine the game of your own life for you.

Twirl, twirl, twirl the spinner on the board.

You place the blue or pink pieces into their positions within the cars and drive them around the game board.

You perform a whole life across the course of this game.

The spokes of a wheel, 1-10, the spinner in the center, a random number generator of fate, and each number on the spinner is a different position, a different landscape that will be reached arbitrarily, but there is a system to the game being played, a structure, an organization, an institution, the spinner.

Only 10 options are available, each turn, when you move within the game.

Movement from place to place.

Movement between landscapes, between myths, a game board.

The Game of Life is a mask meant to be worn, to be played, a performance.

Overhead POV shot of the spinner at the center of the game board as it twirls, like a wheel of fortune, or like a carousel, like an object staring out at the participants as they stare back into it, and play.

###Page 705###

Within the backyard of his parent's home, where their parents still live, there is a landscape where they often go within their dreams, their backyard.

Their father sets up a tent to camp out in, all for play, temporarily, for the evening, in the backyard. They grip a partially translucent flashlight with bigger batteries than they've ever seen, and they notice that the batteries clunk against each end like an empty rainstick.

Their father tells them improvised ghost stories under lamplight, grimacing, the light of the stars above too intimidated, too overwhelmed by the city's ever-expanding constellations.

So many lights, like so many names- a common problem in amateur writing.

Constellations.

They sleep on an itchy cot and listen to the mantra-like-hum of the cicadas pulsing in the neighborhood, moving in and out of sleep, the sound of their father's grunting snores, probably not the best sound to be broadcasting to the neighborhood, the cot crunching against polyurethane as they turn over in the night. The next morning, they peacefully come awake into the mid morning heat, early sunlight peeking in through the tent's clear plastic. They wake up, sweaty, on a cot in the Texas heat, for no reason other than to play a game in the backyard.

To play a game in a backyard.

And they loved it.

They loved playing this game.

They wanted to do it again.

For months, they asked and asked if they could do it again, and they were always told they would, but they never did. They never did it a second time, at least not that they can remember.

They don't remember.

They don't remember.

They don't.

###Page 706###

They don't remember the voices ringing out.

The voices.

The voices ringing out.

They're always ringing out.

Remember?

Aren't they?

"Once more, one more time, again!"

"Remember?"

It's in the air.

Can you feel it?

Movement from place to place, cycles, lists of options, choices, transportation systems, beginnings and endings, restarts, restorations, false starts, repetitions, voices, visions, expositions, adaptations, all that data to be collected and recollected, recorded, blurred, blurring, and being blurred again.

All the screens shine across all the various landscapes.

Announcements are made.

"Keep your arms and legs inside the vehicle at all times."

Charts, maps, guides.

The Magical Dominion.

###Page 707###

A title card is arbitrarily chosen and read, out loud, back at the beginning.

Opening Credits.

The sequence begins, or starts to begin again.

It comes in tens, or maybe elevens, depending on how one considers the unspoken, ten being the number of spokes on the wheel of the city's planning, the wheel, a wheel being the structure of the park's central hub, being the 10th card in the Tarot deck, forced perspective, turning, from place to place, from A to B, systems of control, city planning, imagined landscapes, games of life, random cards, all those maps plastered up on all the walls, the many walls, the windows, Malt Gibsey, representations of possible pasts, presents, and futures, worlds within worlds within worlds.

And where to begin?

It's in the air.

###Page 708###

All of Gibsey World's cast members and landscapes, its phrases, words, ideas, thoughts, voices, all of them, could each be lifted out and replaced, moved, transferred, bodies and faces, clones of one another, remakes, copies and originals, myths, told and re-told, both self-similar and separate from each other, and which one would be which? Which one would they become?

And they are often moved, the cast members, the landscapes, are transported, shuffled, like cards, forever in a state of becoming themselves, replacing themselves, processing and reprocessing the terror of their own unlimited growth.

In reality, The Author of The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, that notorious park of themes, that epic of a poem, was once a teacher, an educator, or at least once worked as a teacher within their daily life before becoming The Author.

###Page 709###

It's a Wednesday, and they're starting, at the beginning of their class, on a day, the day, arbitrarily, where they will discuss introductions within essay writing and the purposes they serve.

"Introductions are meant to define and redefine the entirety of everything that's to come," The Author says this to their students.

The entirety?

The entirety?

This may be asking much too much out of them?

An entirety is that which can only be accessed in parts, in pieces, that which can be gleamed, inferred, unspoken, or repeated.

The theme song begins.

And all songs are theme songs, songs of themes, theme parks, parks of themes, imaginary landscapes, recordings, records of time, memories skipping from place to place, chords being strung and restrung, back, across themselves, from B back to A, remember?

###Page 710###

Nostalgia unwinds like taffy around a belt.

Nostalgia for the present, for the future, for a past which has never occurred, a false Gibstory, what should have been rather than what was, fragments, fantasies, themes.

And this nostalgia, it becomes a reality, the reality, replaces reality. It conquers it. It's like a theme park that's consumed an entire civilization. It's like a mind, empty, at the end of all time, wandering through a landscape that it doesn't recognize, or that it doesn't remember.

But The Author isn't the only character on this set that's thinking themselves into being.

There are others, so many others, too many others, much, much too much, too many others to be heard at once, let alone named at once, so many others that we may have to--
